 Tell them this is how you should be running a business and what so ever because that has been studied and what so ever. Slowly, slowly companies are changing because they all go bankrupt because they are running inefficient and they are overtaken by people running efficient. I mean, FairEx is just a simple one of them. You copy a formula, you have your staff, you train your staff. It's a completely different setup than a lot of other ones. Biggie is another one. It's just how you set up a company. And if you, as an insider of a country, you are not learning from that one and you are setting up your own change and your own companies and what ever or you keep working like in an old fashioned way. You will never be companies like that. And it's just, how do you say, evolution. The one that is efficient they will survive and the other one not. But what you are going to get now also is that if everybody is highly educated, highly impossible, blah blah blah. Everything becomes available. If you want to make something everybody can have their own robot and whatever, their own production. The way to produce becomes easier and easier also. So you get, I would say once you have big companies that think, we don't need all those employees anymore. And all those employees say, hey, we don't need those guys on top anymore. And let's see where everything finishes. The other side is when you have massive resource production and what so ever, you get more or less to a start track age. Which is like money. What is it good for? There is a lot of philosophy and everything with the whole AI also. But it's a bubble. There is not a bubble. It's hyped. It's under hyped. As I said, you are going to live a thousand years. You are laughing. You are not going to laugh anymore when you are 500. Advances in medicine. Go fast now. People have no clue. They have no clue how fast things are going. And it's only going to go faster and faster. In software development you are going to get personalized software whatsoever. And the production chains to make them too. That is where you still have IT staff. And you need them because somehow it is highly automated. But the thing is demand will be also higher. And people want to specialize things. And it's actually also easy to make them nowadays. Before it was not possible nowadays. And on the other side, as I said, a bubble. I learn AI, YouTube video, whatever. But the cashier in the supermarket. Yeah, they hear AI, whatever. Scam, blah, blah, blah. Watch out. That is what they hear. That is what they know. The bus driver. But the Uber guy doesn't know that in three years or whatever there is no Uber driver anymore. Everything is automated driving with AI. Maybe it's going to take some time here, but that's going to come. It's already there. People are not aware that it's not yet here, but it's there. It's crazy. The hardware itself is improving even more using the software itself. In this case, the LLMs. AI designed completely in the market sector. Well, it was Google. I think that, I don't know exactly the number, but it was like 5% that they saved on energy due to the use of AI. With material, planning, efficiency, blah, blah, blah, blah. There is, how do you say, there are a lot of improvements that are being made on solar and whatsoever. So, how do you say, there are so many advances being made, but the problem with what you're getting there, what people are afraid of is that you have, how do you say, that there is not enough work for everybody. There will also not be enough for everybody. The thing is, people see, they equate work as income. But if you have like a base income that you have or because everything is so cheap and whatsoever, you only need to work a day to afford whatever you want to afford or what you need. Or if you don't even need to work anything to afford what you need to afford. If you want to have some more, you work a little bit more. But how things are distributed and whatsoever, it's a political thing. It's how do you set up your society. But all those things is something that is going to happen, but politics is going so slow. This is going to happen in the coming 10 years. You have two elections in between. Yes. And probably less than 10 years. In the meantime, you know, use it to your advantage with what's going to happen. How do you say? You're ahead. You know what's going on. You know what. Use it, use it, use it. I think it's a big shift. What do you think? Yes, these are big shifts. The thing is in every computer game, they normally see the atomic bomb as the final solution, the final civilization or whatever. Once you have atomic, you win the game. That's wrong. It should be AI. The effects on AI in everything else is so immense. It is undervalued for what it should be in my point of view. Really, it's powerful. In my point of view, it's going to save us from climate change and all those types of things. If it wouldn't have been AI, it would have been way, way, way more problematic. I mean, in the white house, the climate, all those things, they would not exist and blah, blah, blah. How do you say? It's lucky that the rest of the world is moving and more or less make the gasoline-powered machines that are from North America. Yeah, yeah, don't put those nose bunnies. And gasoline cars. They are so old-fashioned. And the rest of the world is driving electric. In the electric, Paraguay is probably going to be one of the last countries where you're going to drive electric. The first ones will be the mountainous areas and city traffic. That is where you have, because you're regenerative braking. If you have a gasoline car, if you're braking, all that energy is lost. If you're driving electric, you're gaining back. So if you're already driving cheaper actually electric than a gasoline car, now every acceleration up, down, whatsoever, all of that energy, you're recovering. You're stupid not to drive a gasoline car. In Norway, Sweden, they don't sell any more gasoline. We don't even have the load balancing equivalent to the electrical systems. Paraguay has an overabundance of energy, but the quality sucks. It's not the content, it's just the quality. The price is cheap. All the people who know about this review are cheap. They sell their energy to Brazil way too cheap because of trade negotiations and money under the table. What you're going to get is, what I'm expecting to happen is, by the way, fusion, we're close there. With AI, we're going to get there. How do you say, they need a fusion for the data centers. It's one of those reinforcing loop cycle. They're close and they're going to get there. They are already also with modular, just normal fission ones. They're working on that one also. All because of AI. It's all coming out because of AI. That's why I said it's going to save the world. You're going to get those modular reactors and gasoline. Who's going to use gasoline anymore when the other ones are way cheaper? The oil price will plummet in that way, but the thing is nobody's using it for pharmaceuticals like that. And fertilizers maybe going to be used still. It's a lot less polluting than what is currently happening. It's not because we need to because it's better for the environment. It's just because it's cheaper. That's all because of the AI revolution that we're going to get there. The other one is the old, how do you say it, people getting older, more robotics and what so ever. Specifically, now in America, they're kicking out all the foreigners. They're figuring out who's now going to pick all our fruits and what so ever from the trees. Because nobody and the one from San Francisco and whatever is not going to do that. The robotics in greenhouse gases and what so ever. The moment that I say I'm expecting a market collapse to happen soon because of Trump. The economy is going to destroy the whole world economy. So it's going to take some time to recover. Probably like two to three years unless he dies earlier. And then you have a world, then the investment in the robotics and the robotics, the agriculture, the agriculture robotics. Because at that moment you have the whole vision, the vision models are coming better and better. They already can watch a tree and see exactly which of the fruits are ripe and which one needs another day. It's like that accurate, they can see all those things and it's just picking it. The right robotics to pick it. You know, all those things are like, it's going to get in a fast cycle. First I go to robotics and then I go to robotics. Currently that's how I see it. If you have automation, even we could automate resources extraction. The thing is once you have automation that makes your automation, you can do everything. That's why you want to make, how do you say, you want to make the fabric to make the fabric to make the fabric. That's crazy. Are you currently at that point? But the thing is, you know, just focus on the speed pods which is like nice to make, easy, short to market, easy to make. And a possibility to a good show of what you're doing, the technology learning, the skills and then a possibility to make money on them. You know, then you're already covering six things, you're doing six things at once. That's efficient use of your time. I definitely think that the one from AI videos will also be really interesting because I know a bunch of people that work in big companies. Finally in the marketing side. The thing is, yes in marketing, but talk to your sister. I mean, it's like she has no clue what goldmine she's sitting on. Because on one side, she has the art and whatsoever, you guys have all the AI know-how. How often do you have that together? It's not the, how do you say, not just the AI fields. Can you pass me your phone? As upstairs, I don't have my phone. There's your phone. How do you say, the power, how do you say, when you make a lot of money on, it's not on a specific field. It's where you have an overlap between two different fields. It's like when I'm working together with a guy that is in power electronics. That's why we're ending up in this field. It's like where you have a dentist together with software or whatever. Or a chemistry that finds out the perfect plastic because hey, that's the passion. It's always that overlap where it's the interesting part. The integration of opposites. Yeah, not so much opposites. You know, what one cannot do the other way is in a company on one side, you don't want to have everybody that knows exactly the same. You want that variation in different ideas, different, how do you say, you want to have the yuppie and the one that only thinks about money. And you want to have the one that doesn't think about money at all. You have all the combinations. Yeah, exactly. Statistically robust. Exactly. And like that is where one fails, the other one will pick up. And the lucky thing is you can now put an AI for all of those roles. So hey, you are the asshole, you are this one. You can put in your... Oh, by the way, if you put an agent, give it a name. So it becomes identifiable, personal, easier to interact with. Oh, you send this to Clara. You start remembering them much better because Clara is the financial person. Yeah, that's a good idea. They should not use IDs, so you rely on that. But give them a name. It's also, when you have servers, it was very common, Humpty Dumpty. The seven dwarfs, it's very common. And then the servers, the name from the different... Oh, the combination of names. And if you know that also the name, yeah, one was this one, that was the name from the first one, so that's IP name 0.1, 0.2. But by giving the name, you know which server is what. And you can also, what I want to do is to, at some moment, like in Cursor, also switch between different, not one agent, but between different agents. So hey, so I set specific rules for like design, specific rules for a unit test. So you, based on the role of the person that is active, you have different rules active. When Sorab 2 is available, because right now it's just with the invite code, pretty sure, do you have a premium version? Do you use it fully? Yeah, I don't know what the premium is. Is it $200 or is it $2000? You know, but if it's like $200-ish, then I would love to, if you can pay it, and then if you want to sit down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, but how do you say... Put a room on the chair. But yes, but yes, no problem. But the thing is, how do you say, do comment. I also do not know if it is per generation, is it per... Yeah, but right now I cannot even access it because it's just with invite. But definitely I find it really interesting to do fun with Juana, but also that it's like, well, too hard right now. The thing is, sometimes you can work on things, even, how do you say, I'm already developing a design for the future because I, okay, this is, you see what is coming, how things are going. I already have everything structured for Al Hontoni's movie thingy, that he passed me the book, and based on that I made scenes, and based on the scenes I have text and images. Yeah, you generated all of those ones already. Yeah, I made a few sample videos, but I didn't have the time to get the videos to be consistent, put them in a loop, and do everything for Al Hontoni, and get him to be like, yeah, now change this. You talked with his sister, right? Yeah, I told her, I'm like, bro... It's like, if she needs a more powerful computer to do so, also no problem, probably we do have a powerful computer anywhere already here. Yeah, no, but that's like the older versions of the iVideo were still too wonky, but this one looks for me perfect already. Exactly. Now for me it's like, it's baked already. Believe me, there's a lot of guys in Hollywood that this man was shitting their pants. But definitely it's like way amazing now. Sorry? Now that it's really nice. Yeah, exactly, but the still is, how do you say, it's not the generation, it's also the story you tell. That is becoming more and more important, the difference between the slop, and how do you say, the thing is, you're probably going to see a professionalization. Professionalization in the slop generation, where slowly the slop is just falling aside by filtering from Google, or by people not liking it and liking the other ones. And sometimes those better ones can be fucking stupid, and we're like, what the fuck are people liking in this one? But yeah, they have their whole algorithms that they're running over it. How do you say, once you want to go into that, how do you say, the YouTube generation is one that you really should take a look on metrics, how it works, how you push, because it's a cutthroat, not cutthroat, but it's getting into that. I just think of like, there are already many of these AI channels, but in English. Yeah, yeah, just copy in Spanish. Just copy in Spanish, copy in Dutch, copy in German, copy in Japanese. They have separate accounts for each and every one. And then you copied our content, yeah, you copied it from everywhere else. How would they know I copied their content? It's literally another AI medium from the same topic. We both copied from the same source. But how do you say, again, you should run the metrics on cost to produce and cost to upload and what so ever. But how do you say, it's a market, just analyze it before you dive deep into it. But if you have like the personal generated videos and what so ever. I mean, Marriott's photo, whatever, invitation for Marriott's and what so ever. You have a personalized YouTube video inviting people. How many shit ton of people are willing to pay for that one? You know, a small video to send to the friends and what so ever. You make more money on that one than on a YouTube video. But no problem anymore. YouTube. You know, definitely those micro micro micro services. I think... I mean, you don't know that, there was once on YouTube... What happened? Let me... Dev, I think the quickest one for money right now will be the video for the wedding thing. Because people that are getting married are spending money on stupid shit. Yes. But this is the one that's spending a lot of extravagance. Yes, it's really cool. You have a lot of money. It's easy to show. Six seconds short. We can just read me for ourselves and as an example and then be like, you are the owner. Bring me your husband. Maybe take a few pictures, take a few recordings. Welcome back tomorrow. I'll come back in an hour and we'll go to a cafe nearby. Okay, look at this video. I guess. Make ads more relevant. Like other tech companies, Facebook collects a lot of data. Yes. But that's important. I think I'm doing some fucking marketing. I give a lot of produce, I give pretty samples. I think it would be good if you could do a video with Kiki and tell us how things are done. I think the content, if you can do it, it's best if you take out the dubbing and the transcription and put it in a post. From there Kiki can be in charge of making the content for the public. And the rest of the page is already doing the whole backend that is in charge of making the content beautiful. Okay. And then you can go to the website and upload it. And then you can load it in the mind that the machine does. And then you can load it and it looks beautiful and you finish it well. I was thinking this lollipop was that one. And then you go fast. But I think now you can find your sink in the city. And they were from 2011, so it's like 14 years ago. I will pass it for the video.