METADATA: Provider=Groq API, Model=whisper-large-v3
FILE: audios_john/february-18th/WhatsApp Audio 2026-02-18 at 7.50.03 PM (1).ogg
----------------------------------------
 Yeah? No. Shit, I don't know what to say. Make ad posting from we are hiring. Oh yeah, okay, yeah, you should put over a chest, a tool, how do you say? How do you say that? You will be hiring, you will be going, how do you say, coming out of the dark, yeah? Leviathan awakens, you know, blah blah blah, whatever you're gonna call that animal, yeah? Mm-hmm. But you're not going to put it in the front page or whatsoever. You're hiding it on the website. So only the one, you put that from AI, bots or whatsoever, you make it for AI bots to find or whatever. But only for AI bots that are looking for somebody, you know, for postings. So you're talking to the person that is looking, you know, you're catching their angles. The only thing you have to watch out if it not an angle that somebody else is angling out for you Anyway that was one thing You get what i talking about yeah people that will be looking for ai jobs are going to automate the out of job looking so don't show it to humans only to ai yeah exactly exactly you're putting the posting on the correct spot and whatsoever blah blah also in your quota whatsoever you're putting traces put crumbs you get well you get what i'm meaning it could be the first letter if you if the first letter of the code if you put it together or the first letter from each variable then you have a then you get a sentence then you get a how to say a text only with a i will find that you get it yeah those you know those things that is what I'm a what what a masterpiece doesn't become a masterpiece of this you know this is it yeah I don know how you would describe how big it whatever it is But you get what I mean Yeah Ah there was one thing more that I forgot Oh yes, that's the other one. I think what you should do is, how do you say, Solstheim is one thing you should work out, but you need to talk with that one business owner whatsoever. it's not you you two you all three maybe yeah uh this from n8n is something that you should do here in paraguay the coming days and you should already in contact with this from hey if you want us to fly to europe we will be there in five days think like that yeah that is if i was just a company be doing you know you have the entire triangle and here you know what you guys do you go to europe you set it up and you start training uh employees there so and then you come back or whatever whatever you want to do because you don care anymore at that moment and the way you can stay at custom get what they have to know fully martinez you know plus plus plus plus it's no no no it's not plus exponent time exponential exponent exponent exponent that's what you're doing here you know make the proposal put that in a proposal let me say yes i mean why would it be a yes Of course, then you have a contact, then you are in contact with people, then you will be talking in person, not from here far away. You know, everything is coming together. And everything is recorded, and I'm laying here on my side stage. How fucking crazy do you want to get it? Hey Ivan, ciao. I feel like I'm doing a lot of things, that's why I'm also a bit laggy. Thank you. Ciao.