 Tell them this is how you should be running a business and what so ever because that has been studied and what so ever and slowly, slowly companies are changing because they all go bankrupt because they are running inefficient and they are overtaken by people running efficient I mean, Fairex is just a simple one of them you copy a formula, you have your stuff, you train your staff it's a completely different setup than a lot of other ones Biggie is another one It's just how you set up those companies. And if you, as an inside of a country, you're not learning from that one and you're setting up your own chains and your own companies or whatever, or you keep working like in the old-fashioned way, you will never be companies like that. And it's just, how do you say, evolution, you know. The one that is efficient, they will survive and the other one not. But what you're going to get now also is that with AI, everybody is highly educated, highly possible, blah blah blah. Everything becomes available if you want to make something. Everybody can have their own robot or whatever, their own production. The way to produce becomes easier and easier also. So you get... I would say once that you have big companies that think so ah we don't need all those employees anymore and all those employees say hey we don't need those guys on top anymore and let's see where everything finishes but the other side is when you have massive resource production and whatsoever you get more or less to a start like a juice is like money was it good for it is a lot of philosophy and everything with the whole AI also but it's a bubble there's not there's not a bubble it's hyped it's all it's under hyped the as I said you're gonna live a thousand years you're you're laughing but you're not gonna laugh anymore when you're 500 advances in medicine going fast now you people have no clue no clue how fast things are going and it's only gonna go faster and faster in software development you're gonna get personalized software whatsoever and the production change to make them to that is where you still have IT stuff and you need them because somehow yes it is highly automated but the thing is is the amount of you also higher and I say people want to have more specialized things and it's actually also easy to make them nowadays before it wasn't possible now it is and on the others as I said you bubble in in in I learn a I am YouTube video whatever but the cashier in in supermarket yeah they hear I whatever scam watch out for it that is what they hear that is what they know the bus driver but the uber guy doesn't know that in three years or whatever there is no hyper driver anymore everything is ultimately driving with AI. Maybe it's gonna take some time, it's gonna come. It's already there, it's just people are not aware that it's not yet here but it's there. It's crazy how hardware stuff is improving, even more using the software itself, in this case the LLMs. AI design completely was Google I think I don't know exactly the number but it was like 5% that they saved on energy due to the use of AI with material planning, efficiency there is how do you say, there are a lot of improvements that are done, being made also on solar and whatsoever. So, how do you say, there are so many advances being made, but the problem, what you're getting there, what people are afraid of, is that you have, how do you say, that there is not enough work for everybody, and there will also not be enough for everybody. The thing is, people see, they equate work as income, but if you have like a base income that you have or because everything is so cheap and whatsoever you only need to work a day to afford whatever you want to afford or what you need you don't even need to work anything to afford what you need to afford if you want to have some more you work a little bit more but how things are distributed and whatsoever it's a political thing it's how do you set up your society but all those things is something that is going to happen but politics is going so slow this is going to happen in the coming 10 years you have two elections in between and probably less than 10 years in the meantime use it to your advantage with what's going to happen now. How do you say, you're ahead, you know what's going on, you know what, use it, use it, use it. I think it a big shift I think What is it Yeah these are big shift The thing is in every computer game they normally see the atomic bomb as the final solution, the final civilization or whatever. Once you have atomic, you win the game. That's wrong. That should be AI. Yes. The effects on AI in everything else is so immense, it is undervalued for what it should be in my point of view. Really it's powerful. In my point of view, it's going to save us from climate change and all those types of things. If it wouldn't have been AI, it would have been way, way, way more problematic. I mean, we have now in the White House, climate, all those things that don't exist and blah, blah, blah. How do you say? It's lucky that the rest of the world is moving and more or less make the gas options. that is from oh yeah, American yeah yeah those horse bunnies and gasoline cars they are so old-fashioned and the rest of the world is driving electric in the Uganda electric Paraguay is probably going to be one of the last countries where you're going to drive electric The first ones will be the mountainous areas and city traffic. That is where you have the... because you regenerate braking. If you have a gasoline car, if you're braking, all that energy is lost. If you're driving electric, you're gaining back. So if you're already driving cheaper actually electric than gasoline car, now every acceleration up down and whatsoever all that energy you are you're recovering you know you're stupid not to drive a gasoline car not to drive electric in Norway Sweden they're all electric they don't sell any more gasoline We don't even have like the load balancing equivalent to the electrical systems. Paraguay has an overabundance of energy but the quality sucks. It's not the quantity, it's just the quality. The price is f**k cheap. although people who disagree with you is cheap. They sell their energy to Brazil way too cheap because of trade negotiations and money under the table. But what I'm expecting to happen is... By the way, Fusion, we are close there. And with AI we are going to get there. the the the the how do you say if you they need a fusion for the data centers and they need the i would say it's it's a real it's one of those reinforcing loop cycle but they're close and they're going to get there and they are already also with modular just normal vision once the they're working on that one also all because of the eye a lot of that it's all coming out because of ai that's why i said it's going to save the world but you're going to get those modular reactors and gasoline who's going to use gasoline anymore when the other ones are way cheaper the oil price will plummet in that way but the thing is nobody's using it is for pharmaceuticals like that and fertilizers maybe going to be used still it's a lot less polluted polluting than what is currently happening and it's not because we need to because it better for the environment is just because it's cheaper. And that's all because of the AI revolution that we're going to get there. The other one is the old, how do you say, people getting older, more robotics and what so ever. And specifically how now in America they're kicking out all the foreigners, they're figuring out, who's not going to pick all our fruits and what so ever from the trees, because nobody, and the one from San Francisco or whatever is not going to do that. So, the robotics in greenhouse gases and whatever. The moment that, I'd say, I'm expecting a market collapse to happen soon because of Trump. He's going to destroy the whole world economy, so it's going to take some time to recover. Probably like two to three years unless he dies earlier. And then you have a world, then the investment in the robotics and the, how do you say, the robotics, agriculture, that's true. Because at that moment you have the whole vision, the vision models are coming better and better. They already can, they can watch a tree already and they see exactly which of the fruits are ripe and which one needs another day. it's like that accurate they can see all those things and it's just picking it the right robotics to pick it up you know although the other things they are like it's gonna get in a fast cycle first I go to robotics and then I open robotics currently that's how I see it. If you have the automation even we could automate resources extraction The thing is once you have automation that makes your automation you can do everything So that's why you want to make, how do you say, you want to make the fabric that makes the fabric to make the fabric. That's crazy. Are we currently at that point? but the thing is is you know just focus it up find your the sweet pot which is like a nice to make easy short to market easy to make and a possibility to a good show off of what you're doing the technology learning the skills and the possibility to make money on them you know that yeah then you're already You're already copying six things and you're doing six things at once. That's efficient use of your time. I definitely think that the one from AI videos will also be really interesting because I know a bunch of people that work in big companies, funnily in the marketing side. The thing is, yes in marketing, but talk to your sister. I mean, it's like she has no clue what gold mine she is sitting on. Because on one side, she has the art and whatsoever. You guys have all the AI know-how. How often do you have that together? It's not the, how do you say, not just the AI field. Can you pass me your phone? It's upstairs. I don't have my phone. How do you say, the power, how do you say, when you make a lot of money on, it's not on a specific field, it's where you have an overlap between two different fields. It's like when I'm working all together with a guy that is in power electronics. That's why we're ending up in this field. It's like when you have a dentist together with software or whatever. or dentists and a chemistry that finds out you know the perfect plastics because hey that's their passion it's always that overlap which is the interesting part that's iteration of opposites yeah not so much opposites but you know you what one cannot do the other way is is in a company on one side you don't want to have everybody does not exactly the same you want that variation different ideas different how do you say you want you want to have the yuppie in it the one that you know that only thinks about money and you want to have the one that doesn't think about money at all you have all the combinations yeah you exactly Statistically robust. Exactly. And like that is where one fails the other one will pick up. And the lucky thing is you can now put an AI for all of those roles. So hey you are the asshole, you are this one. You know you can put in your... Oh by the way if you put an agent give it a name. so it becomes identifiable personal easier to interact with I said this to Clara you start reckoning remembering that much better because Clara is the financial person Yeah, that's a good idea. They should not use IDs, so you rely on that. Yeah. But give their name. It's also... when you had to act service, it was like very common, you know, Humpty Dumpty, you know, the seven dwarves, you know, it's like very common, like the service, the name, the difference. Ah, the combination of names. and if you know that also the radio one was this one that was the name from the first one so that's IP number point one point two but by giving the name you know which server is is what and you can also what I want to do is to at some moment to in like a cursor also switch between difference not one agent between different pages so hey so I set specific rules for like design a specific rules for unit test so you based on the role of the person that is active you have different rules active. When Serap2 is available because right now it's just with the invite code yeah pretty sure do you have a premium version to use it fully? I don't know what the premium is, if that is the $200 or is that $2000? Yeah, but if it's like $200-ish, then I would love to, if you can pay it, and then we can sit down. Yeah, yeah, yeah, but how do you say... Put a room on the chair. But yes, but yes, no problem. But the thing is, how do you say, look on it. I also do not know if it is per generation, is it per... Yeah, but right now I can't even access it because it's just with InBright. But definitely I find it really interesting to do fun with Juana, but also that it's like... too hard right now. The thing is sometimes you can work on things even... how to say... I always... I'm already developing and designing for the future because I... okay, this is... you see what is coming how things are going I already have everything structured for Tony movie thing that he passed me the book and based on that I made scenes and based on the scenes I have text and images Yeah you generated all of those ones already Yeah, I made a few sample videos, but I didn't have the time to get the videos to be consistent, put them in a loop and do everything for Uncle Tony and get him to be like, yeah, now change this. You did a talk with your sister, right? Yeah, I told her, I'm like, bro, it's... It's like an EFC needs a far more powerful computer to do so, also no problem, probably we do have a powerful computer anyway already here. Yeah, but the older versions of the iVidia were still too wonky, but this one looks for me perfect already. Yeah, exactly. Now for me it's like... Believe me, there's a lot of guys in Hollywood that this one was shit in their pants. But definitely it's way amazing. Sorry? No, that it's really nice. Yeah, yeah, exactly. But the still is, how do you say, it's not the generation, it's also the story you tell. And that is becoming more and more important, the difference between the slop and how do you say, the thing is, you're probably going to see a professionalization in the slop generation. where you know slowly the slope is just falling aside or by filtering from google or by people not liking it and liking the better ones and sometimes those better ones can be fucking stupid and we're like what the fuck are people liking in this one but yeah they have their whole algorithms that they're running over it how do you say once you want to go into that how do you say no not the youtube generation is one that you really should take a look on metrics how that works how you push because it's a cut road not cut road but it's getting into that i just think of like there are already many of these ai channels but in english yeah yeah just copy Just copy in Spanish, copy in Dutch, copy in German, copy in Japanese. They can separate account for each and... And then you copied our content. Yeah, you copied it from everywhere else. How would they know I copied their content? It's literally another AI medium from the same topic. We both copied from the same source. But, how you say, again, I would say you should run the metrics on cost to produce and cost to upload and what so ever. upload them as well but it's a market just analyze it before you dive too deep into it but if you have like the personal generated videos and what so ever I mean marriage photo whatever invitation for marriage or whatsoever you have a personalized YouTube video inviting people how many shit ton of people are are willing to pay for that one you know a small video to send to the friends and what so ever you make more money on that one than on a youtube video that but no problem anymore those micro micro microservices I mean you don't know that there was once on you What happened? Tommyyyyyyyy Dev I think the quickest one for money right now will be the YouTube video for the wedding thing Because people that are getting married are spending money on stupid shit Yes But these are the ones that are spending a lot of extravaganza Yes, extravaganza, we have a lot of money It's easy to show, like six seconds short. We can just make for ourselves as an example and then be like, you're the owner. Bring me your husband. Maybe take a few pictures, take a few recordings. I'll come back tomorrow. I'll come back in an hour and we go to a cafe nearby. Okay, look at this video. I think it would be good to do a cloud meeting with Kiki and see how things work. I think the content, if you can do it, you can take out the transcripts and put them in a post. From there Kiki can take care of the content of the courses. And the rest of the page is already doing all the backend, which is in charge of making the content beautiful. That's true. Yes, yes. . . . . . . . . . . . . Very difficult. I will pass on the recording for the video.