 Do you need an office to store everything? If corrected we'll be recording it, so we'll do more than that. But you should store those ones, all those we put. Maybe you want to see the... because we have like a whole repos for like business stuff, like what we're going to offer personnel. You have a whole repos already with individual repositories or one big repo store? We have an organization, GitHub, where we have all the repos from our personnel who are working on them. Now there are like 20 different projects. But some of those projects are like just markdowns, just text files. That are like for example, how are we planning our business plan, how do we plan our negotiations, what are our goals, how are we working. Just a short advice on that one. What? It's approaching very good. What you want to have more or less automatically, is on one side to have a structure defined for those repositories. Yeah, so they follow the same structure, but also a life cycle. I think that goes more into... because in Courser you can configure your Courser, so that any project you do it follows a certain way. There are also team settings also in that one. Yeah, so that everybody in the team works the same way with the same AI. Exactly, because if you start using the same way and even it doesn't matter if one is using Courser, the other one Cloud or whatsoever, that's just a preset to me. But if you define a certain structure or certain structures because you can have for different types of project a different structure, if it's just like a markdown project, if it's like a website project, it's like a microservice. There will be different documents, different structures that you have. But you will have a very initial laser structure, you always will have. It's from, hey, what is this about, read me and whatever. No? Now, if you set up that you... how to say, for all the ideas that you have, you just make a repo. And those repos, they can have a lot of different states or stages of them from, hey, this is my idea. I think we already have something like that. It's like we call it like a company information thing. It's like it keeps track of all the GitHub projects and how far they are. Yeah, that is an extract of that information. Yeah, and it can like in real time see all the repos, what is being on those. Yeah, it's good that you have that and what... how to say, I don't know how it looks, but it's good that you have this. What you want at some moment is that, how to say, you have different stages of projects. Some is just an idea, some is a prototype, some is a project that you're... Projects. Yeah, so there are different views, different ways on how you want to see. And some that are just like internal information. Exactly, some are internal, maybe some are personal projects and what so ever, but it's good that you have overview. We had at energy21, we had a Git repository with a lot of Gits, like 200, 300 Git projects on it. From whom? What is it for? Blah, blah, blah. None of that. So some guy got, okay, we're going to migrate. Figure out what is what, what is it for, from who is it, because it's a personal project. Is it this... they didn't know shit. You know, that is Git projects data accumulated over like 20, 15, 10, 15 years. So you start already great because you're now recording already those things. And it's also good if you have an automated process at some moments that creates you that view. Or that overview, or that goes to it, you know. To prioritize the projects, etc. Because you cannot, how you say, you cannot have many ideas because you cannot work on all of them at the same moment. What I would advise to do, the first thing, I would say you have to understand the structure, is to, once you have enough information to start a search, to collect all the information about that project and whatsoever, you let it do a deep research automatically. You do a deep research, hey, give me everything about this. So you start your project already with a head start. Do you get? Yeah, because like for example you're doing a like, I knew something, I was working with NAN recently. And by the time that I was learning about NAN, NAN was like useless. I don't know how useless it is now, but at least for all the things I tried to do it, it's useless. It's way better to just create NNN notes and like publish them on like Hug and Face for like the community itself. The thing is you're needing to get still experience with NNN to give a good view. NNN is, as far as I can see it does it, is a very viable project. You have Zapier and NNN that are more or less the industry standards. And NNN is doing better. It's getting much, especially because of the relationship with AI, the better way to do so is getting ahead. I don't know if Zapier is going to catch up, I don't know if there are other players in the market or whatsoever. But the way how it's working, you get like a jation of information in, that's all of them they work on. It should just, I tried to use it, I was like, I already had my whole workflow, but it's with the notes themselves that's the problem. Because they should connect without any troubles. But connecting to the APIs is like the most annoying thing ever because they don't work. Yeah, yeah, but that is because you're lacking experience. It will come, start from. You're already farther than that because I didn't start on that yet. But NNN is the way forward. Also you have an NNN, you have a free... What I mean is like what would be now more useful in NNN is creating our own notes ourselves. I don't know what you mean with create your own notes in principle. Well you know the whole JSON thing you can just import, they are all used notes inside NNN. Little pictures that connect to themselves, each other. Those are notes. But the way the pre-made ones work is way f***ing annoying than just creating your own notes yourself and importing them. The thing is you need first now to experiment a little bit, just making a little workflow, whatever. It's not even important what it does, it's just a workflow, get something in, get something out on the other side. And to learn that, because it's not just one note, it's probably a workflow, it's more of a multiple notes. There are courses, a lot of them, that is why, the time we have now, that is what we need to learn. And how do you say, learn together, pass also. How do you say, well you're learning, you should pass information to Ivan and Jonathan. You know, you're learning, how do you say, you're learning as a team. So if you know something, you pass it along, pass it along. You know also, hey this works! Show people how it works. You know, learn. You're not at school anymore and having to do everything yourself. Anyway, what is my point of view? The first one, how do you say, after you have one working, is you want to have the possibility to get WhatsApp in and out. So you can get a WhatsApp, then it can receive a WhatsApp message, and then it can send a WhatsApp message to you or to whoever. There is also another interesting one, because we had a problem recently with Ivan. Apparently the pass he was being sent with his email, instead of the email from the AI whispers. And there is also this Nodion N8N, which is basically a workflow to receive messages from a lot of email accounts. Yeah, yeah, exactly. And there are, how do you say, the thing is, the one to practice with is, how do you say, first you need to know how N8N works. Then there are already a lot of people that have N8N workflows set up. And I don't know how they work, I don't know how open they are, I don't know if you get the whole... If you get one like, you find one on Git, it's just like copy the JSON file, import it. Yeah, exactly. There are ones that are shared for free, there are ones that are, how do you say, behind the paywall, etc. There are many different ways, etc. However, you need to be able to understand those N8N workflows. That's why you need to know what they're doing. Even if they are for free, you still need to know what they're doing. And if you then have WhatsApp, email, being able to process a Word document, to process a PDF, do some things with it. That you can send the content to an AI or whatever, this PDF, do this. Those are the things that someone would want to automate. And I wonder if you need to do that, if there is on the market products and whatsoever that you can just package and resell it here with just a markup. Do so, make a market for free more or less. So there are many ways on, how do you say, don't reinvent the wheel. But you need to know how the wheel works. But from N8N, you do want to be able to define a workflow. Even if you, how do you say, buy a product and whatsoever. Investigate, which products are there, is there any good, any useful one. Because if I would be in the market here and whatsoever, I would be doing, hey, I'm going to buy a product and I'm going to do the same thing. And I would be doing, hey, from this one, this one covers this one. You know, we have like two together, you mix it nice together. You have a product you can sell over and straight to companies here. The people making those ones, they are focused in optimizing their product over time. Because they have also clients. The thing is, there is only a limited amount of clients that they can deal with. They don't mind for other people to do the same in other countries. You know, that's why, you know, that is why you have that one. And once you're collaborating from, that will improve their agents form. Because you're making things and you start contributing things on that one. So I don't know how those things evolve. But if you know what is in the market, then you can know and figure out how you can do, how to say, which one are good ones, which is just blah, blah. Select the right ones and just use them. Read the, how do you say, let the AI read the copyright and all those things. Go after that one also from, hey, yeah, nice, but you cannot resell it and whatever. Yeah, fucking useless. And how do you say, this is N8N Automations and what so ever, which is how do you say, you can offer like whole back office suits, implementations, APIs and whatever for companies. Which companies you should target for or which companies you can directly help, I don't know. That is also what suits of AI, N8N setup, workflows you can just buy or which, how do you call that, which one you have to develop yourself to add the functionality for a certain service. It's like now you have the service where you do the analyzers, the feedback one. You can then after having that one, you can, if you can sell, okay, you can also sell this one, that one. If you have like a whole workflow or suit that you can just resell, there you have, how do you say, you can put very fast, how do you say, additional options in your portfolio. It's like making money off of something you already made. Well no, you're making money on something somebody else already made, maintains and what so ever, it's just you're putting another paint job on it. And that's not, how do you say. For example now what we are developing professionally, if we sell that to another company, it's like for us, it's selling the same thing for after of the effort. No, it's, how do you say, the thing is. We are not copying something that somebody else already did. No, it's. It's because you already made, how do you say, you made this AI of this product already, it's easy to make a new version of it. The thing is nowadays, it's becoming easier and easier to make something. The hardest part is going to be selling it. Because making is so easy, so easy to, how do you say, to make now. And for that one, once you have an idea, it's like, I'm talking, how do you say, coming back to that Git repository. So it's very good that if you have AI flow coming in, that it picks out all the different ideas that you're having, that you're shouting and it just puts the ideas and it creates already a folder, it creates a Git repository. It starts already collecting all the additional information. So then when you're browsing, you can just, oh yeah, that was something I was thinking like two weeks ago, you can categorize and what so ever. How do you say, a lot of ideas just get lost. By the way, if you're smoking, always turn on recording. Because you get the best ideas, but you forget them also very good. If you record everything, it doesn't happen. Anyway, I had to say, once you have a service set up, you can then, how do you say, Dennis, how do you market that service? You can market it as something that is per call or what so ever, or if it's a subscription or if it's a thing, we're setting it up, we're arranging it in your company, in your workflow to make those calls to our service. That is the set up fee and every year or every month this is the things. And this replaces three or four people's work. I don't know. I mean, businesses think, how do you say, they think very selfishly. So, use it. And then you can, yeah, we can make that also. Yes, you can make it also. That's going to take you this amount of time, it's going to take you this and this and this, you're going to have this and this and this type of problems. We have them also. And in the meantime, it costs you exactly the same amount. And you know it's like, yeah, because that's per call, we can do it also. Yeah, you can. Good luck. In the meantime, you pay just this amount of money. I think that would have been better, also estimating the amount of time something would take us. Sorry, yeah? Because, Verdoen was like... Yeah, the time breakers fee is also very good. Yeah, because Verdoen was like, yeah, we can make that easily and now it's been like a week. Yeah, yeah, but the thing is, that is why, how do you say, it's okay. It's okay to experiment and whatsoever. But what you should now do is, you should, from all the things that need to be done, is that short term, mid term, long term, you should just record them. All the different things, yeah? And then you start categorizing them for what is better production or better PR or there's like a whole, there's a division of categorization of those types of tasks. Because that is what those ideas are going to be. That creates like a certain type of matrix and you want to be like, how do you say, you want to have the middle like... It's a thing that we did at Energy 21. It's a methodology that they use in business to get focused on, how do you say, on the tasks to do. Because now you're making spaghetti, but now at some moment you start, how do you say, creating focus. If we do this, this and this, how do you say, okay, and we're studying anytime, we start practicing, we have some workflow, okay, let's put up this internal workflow that we're going to need anyway. So that is the one that you're going to practice on to learn, get experience on it. Once you have experience on it, you can say, okay, hey, in the meantime, you start looking at videos from people that have those N8N nodes set up. You're figuring out, okay, how do you say, you get an N8N community, which is an N8N community is interesting to follow. I have also a GitHub for that one to keep track of important business info. Then you can pull in also resources and automatically it's already categorizing because you have videos that are interesting that you, hey, you know, the moment you start a video, it automatically knows, okay, download this one. You want to automate it as far like that almost. So you're studying, you're figuring out how do you say, what suit is maybe a good one or I don't even know how they are doing things with it. But you will find good solutions and then it's okay, then you can think, okay, what with those good solutions can we do here in Paraguay or why? You don't even need to limit yourself here to Paraguay. And then is, you know, hey, we can do this one, just take this amount of time because it does take, how do you say, adjusting it for the customer specifics that is going to take some time. But a lot less time than what they would be thinking. You can ask a high price, but hey, we are working fast, you know, we are worth. Thank the market is for a lot of companies is much more important than the price. But how do you say, you need to, how do you say, on one side, how do you say, you need to look on, how do you say, what are we going to train on, what are we going to need, what is the market segment that you want to target or market segments. You know, spread out a little bit. And then, then is, how do you say, if you, if you know your, how do you say, if you know the product that you want to be making or products for that product, you can look for the markets. Okay, how, what is the market? Then how are we going to reach that market? How much is the sales of those, how do you say, are you expecting to make? All of that one, of course, you use full AI to do all these types of researches. And all those researches are a project in GitHub, you can share it with each other and like that. But that's part actually of the product already. How do you say, if you have like a product group that you're going to have, you, how do you say, then you know what do I need to make this happen, what do I know, what do I need to have, how much time is it going to take, you know, all those types of things is what you then can go through and then you can start planning things. Because that is what you should be starting to work to. You know, you have now an idea, you're doing your time, you have your setup of your infrastructure, how everything is stored. That's already way better than many, many companies have it. If you have everything Git backed, great. Make sure you have a backup, so maybe you don't have yet the backup procedure of everything. In Git, you can also, you can make a Git repository that gives you, that links multiple Git repositories together. And you could make like a category of Git repositories, you could then in that way, structureize them nicer. So when you check it out, you have like a layered AI more or less, because every folder is its own AI. So if you have like Git repositories, like structured like that, you should be able to get even more out of it. So, yeah. Like from other things that I see for now is, see if Gigantext, I look at N8n, has fun with the APIs. Yeah, by the way, I say, I think it should be something that actually you and Unetantext are looking at. And N8n is not that hard. But how do you say, for example, the analyzes what is there, what is going around. I think that is the best that you could do. So you learn the syntax, you know how they do it. While all the complicated part that you're now encountering doesn't work. That would not be a complicated part for even. Because it's just experience. And that experience you get while you're learning and you need to do that market research anyway. I don't understand what you want to do. You want me to take a look at that personal stuff? Sorry? Take a look at that? What do you want me to take a look at? Okay. What do you want me to be seeing? You want to take a look at it? Now, even what should Kirjo take a look at? I would say to research the biggest companies in Paraguay that have the most money. Your possible customer base. Yeah. I would say, I don't think that's the correct one. I think you are, because a lot of companies are conservative. Conservative means like risk averse. AI is everybody. AI is like, oh, risk. I don't know. Future, new, blah, blah, blah. That is one side. On the other side, you have the fear of being left out. That is from the AI is the newest, the hippest and whatsoever. And if I don't do think AI, my business is going to fail. So a lot of companies are targeting that fear of being left out. It's like they have the shittiest, crappiest products, but they are, you know, targeting those fearful companies. Not so sure that should be your target group, but at least it's a target group. The one that's from risk, that's not your target group. Let them. Maybe they wise up at some moments. If they don't, they will die with the dinosaurs. They have maybe the most money and whatsoever, but as long as they risk averse, not the place to be. That doesn't mean that you have big companies that are risk taking. The one from Sander on one side is working at is on one side, a quite progressive company. What I don't understand is they have their own AI department. What the fuck is it doing? I'll show you. Exactly. It's like, what the fuck are they doing? I mean, they should have had courses inside the company. If you have a dedicated team on AI, sorry. I mean, you would have leveled up everybody in the company that would have been interested in the use of AI. Okay, we're going way too branches. Yeah, yeah. No, I'm talking about target company. Ivan said from research that... No, what I was asking is, you mentioned that Ivan should take a look at any end and I should take a look at the stuff from personnel. And that for me doesn't make any fucking sense. No, no. Because you say that I need experience to do anything, but anything is the most basic shit ever. Yeah, yeah, but the thing is, you are talking about the company that is interested in AI. But the thing is, you're having problems in setting some things up, as I understood. The problem is configuration and connecting and seeing where the Google part is. Where the shit is and where the shit key is and which key I have to use where. There are things that for you is a problem, for Ivan it's not a problem. Actually, you should work together on those things. But the focus for Ivan should be more on the more difficult part of N8M. And your part should be more on the how can I use N8M? What libraries are there from workflows in N8M? For which companies, how do you say... How do you say... How do you say which companies could you target with an N8M workflow? I would say then to first research what N8M workflows are being sold. Exactly, knowing the market. What is the global market? It's not even a local market. What is the global market in those ones? How is it developing? So more the business side of N8M. Do you understand? Now it makes more sense on telling me to look at the stuff that is actually going to be sold to a client. I'm like, yeah, I probably should not metal, but that doesn't make sense. No, what you should is... How do you say... If you're going to use N8M. And how do you say... I think it's a good choice. N8M is... If I would make the choice that would be... I would have taken a look on Zapier N8M. I probably would have picked N8M. I probably would have gone with N8M. In NNC21, we're going to go with N8M. The whole workflow, whatever, all those types of things, we will be going to do with N8M. And we're going to do it in N8M with N8M plugin, in... How do you call that? In cursor, all those types of things. The thing is it's not a part of what I am going to be involved with. But NNC21, that's going to be N8M. And like that, many, many other companies are going to do also. And you don't need to do everything in N8M. You can start with N8M doing some basic workflows. Initial AI supported workflows, which is like the virtual assistant of the virtual secretariat. It's the easiest, the first one. The feedback from customer feedback is... Those are the most basic workflows that you can think of. Of course, there are many things that you need to take care of. It's like security. There's a lot of things that you also need to check and verify on. What to check and verify on? Ask HR. Be as totally as good and compliant as possible. What do you think of a task like research the init-ins that are most popular, the most used? Which init-ins would be nice to add to AI-wishers? And which init-ins as a bundle would be nice to sell to customers? That is, I think what you should be... How you say? It would be a focused research on that one. But then it's also, how are you going to market that one? And a very nice entry point is your feedback. You start with the feedback and from here you can call this API and whatever and you can automate against it. But by the way, hey, we're also doing N8M. We can set up your N8M automation. Oh, what is N8M? Oh, don't you know what N8M is? Oh, N8M. Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. There you have your sales pitch. You know? Some companies know what it is. Some companies, how do you say... They know how to call services. It's not the biggest deal. But don't be surprised that they don't even hear, that they don't even know how the service is. Don't overestimate the quality of... No, we don't really know that the client is a retard. Yeah, but don't say it, don't act like that. But you can have also very smart and very aware people. What I was talking with someone last time, I think, is that a lot of times the IT department is the one that is the worst place to act. The worst place to actually sell a product for. That's why you shouldn't be talking with... That's not what you're talking with. You're talking with the boss. The one that is from, we need this and if Taylor cannot do it... Yes, exactly, but they didn't arrive us to that person. That's not the person we have a contact with. Yeah, yeah. The thing we're trying to sell is not for IT department, it's for management. It's because they want to know all of their statistics. Here are all your fucking statistics. I know. Because IT departments are normally the ones that are the most in debt with the company. The thing is, and there is what I wanted to show back on your target audience. Our courses should be for those people, so they stop being there, so they actually do what they have to do. Yeah, yeah, but how do you say... You have no clue how conservative the IT department normally are. They are so risk averse, you have not a clue. And again, AI is changing, blah, blah, blah. So the only thing is, hey, you need to be, how do you say... They need to be ordered more or less from higher up to do so. Or you have a service for, yeah, oh, you have that file in this format, you upload it. Oh, you can make, how do you say, your custom format. They don't need to host the whole thing. You can host everything yourself. IT department, who's IT department? You just use our services. It's the same like you use Amazon to buy something. You're bypassing the whole IT department. Yes. If you get, for example, from, hey, yeah, we do it and workflows. I mean, before you know it, you are running, how do you say, a company that is doing all the science automation that the fucking IT department doesn't get done. And then you get a someone from, hey, what is this IT department still doing? Oh, nothing. Okay, we're going to outsource the whole IT department. You know, that is how IT departments get completely annihilated in companies. The company that Richie is working at is doing that. They are delivering IT department as a service. Because they deliver that. That is, how do you say, that is their task. How do you say, in many companies, the IT department is more to preserve the role of the IT department. I have a question. Yes. Can you tell how I can access the camera PC? That was 1.3. Alright, 1.3. Yeah. And then Xon XA 12. No, John. John and then S. Is my mom here? No, she is not. No, it's 2. Still 3 hours before she calls. Even if John is not coming? Yes. Anyway. Are you recording from your phone? Even if he is recording. And you should archive that one. That should, you know, is one of those flows that you maybe want to automate. That it just always goes to the right place. You automatically get an extract from it. Action points are extracted. Because it's a service you want to sell to other companies also. When a text gets sent to the specific drive, you can then archive, automatically process and send the updates to the repository and analyze it for insights and things to put in some to-dos or something. Yeah, like that. Anyway, talking about businesses. So you have a very conservative IT department. But if you're delivering a service, who cares about IT department? If you are delivering automation services, yeah. Maybe you get to talk to a company that wants to use that service. Now, you have all so innovative... You have contact with Mentor where you can tell them, we can outsource your Q18. No. They like their Q18. They would prefer training and guidance on how to use AI to do a lot of their QA shit. So you can tell them, we can open your QA department. Now, going back to target audience. So you have different target audience. And hey, talk with AI about those ones. It will explain you a lot more detail what I'm telling you now. You probably have questions that I cannot even answer. But you have, how do you say, there are companies that are going innovative. There are companies that are... It only has access to the series and movies. And you need? Access to the data more. And later... Admin admin. Yeah, that is also like that. Let me show you just that here also. Security policies. Anyway... So going back to Maxon. You have also, how do you say, you have the innovative companies. You have the... The innovative quality. Or you have price. But you cannot have each one combined. Because you cannot innovatively achieve. It is the 1.3. What? It is the 1.3. That one does not have access to the data. Yeah, yeah, but just go down to that computer. Just go to your PC and access it. No, the computer next to it. That is the 1.3. You can just... Then you have access to all... I need to send this app document everything the data. Let's get everything better. The quality, you can... You do not have a clue how fast the quality of the code is improving now at this moment. It is because, hey, AI, go through it, annotate everything, document everything. AI, are there inconsistencies? They are so easy questions that you can find on your code that would be prohibitively a big task in the past. That is just the first thing you do when you have access to AI. It does not even have time to do it on our system code. There is again this existing code. People are risk averse. I mean... There was a girl when I was at Energy 21 that came to me from... It was like in the script. I mean, there is this error. This is always wrong. And I am not allowed to fix this because it would change the behavior of the code that passed QA and whatsoever. And that QA effort is becoming so... How do you say? That QA effort is so high in many companies that they do not dare to change anything. Once that QA effort is next to zero and you have... You can test everything else. You have a paradigm shift. Then everything changes because of your good quality. Because you pass an iterator, the quality goes up. The thing is... This is a nice one. Failure is not an option. That is the worst thing that you can have. I let you fail as much as I could. So you would learn a lot from it. So, I am going to show you how to do it. I am going to show you how to do it. I am going to show you how to do it. You can use any method because it is not so important. I am going to show you how to do it. You can use any method because it is not so important. The key is to do it as fast as I could. So you would learn a lot from it. Failure is always an option. If something does not work out, to QA standards that in the past they didn't do and they know they didn't do. So that's a target if you are in the QA market segment. Now in the innovative segment that is where you, in my point of view, should be operating. Because those companies are not risk-aversive. They are, how do you say, they want to improve and whatsoever. And what you more or less can sell, hey we can OP you. We know how to use AI, we can teach you how to use AI, we can keep you up to date. So how do you say, we can get you the tools to OP you. Yeah, that is finding the right AI company, how do you say, the right innovative companies and then also having the right products to sell those innovative companies. Yeah, and here is like a biggie, although that is one that is cost, but it is an innovative company with these. All the delivery ones, but those things, they should have an AI team. Then again, at Sandus place they have also an AI team. What the fuck are they doing? Yeah, I just messaged my ex-team lead from Endermay to ask if there are any publicly available products from Endermay that they work on kind of recently to use as a base for any workshops we prepare so that they could be able to show them. Yeah, I mean. They would see the usefulness from getting an AI team from somewhere to explain everything and then going again, because they do that shit. It is, how do you say, you have a contact and you should brainstorm what is, how do you say, what is what I can show slash sell. Yeah, that is what I said. If I am going to prepare anything, I would like to at least make it marketable to you particularly. And use your contacts that you have built up over the time also, even if it is just to figure out things. But, yeah, I think that is the thing. Yeah, I think that is the thing. Yeah, I heard you say, there are many things that you all need to figure out, but the thing is that anything is a good one. In the meantime, you need to figure out what is our, watch out that you do not break a tile on the floor. Yeah, but if I say your floor, you may be more careful. How do you say on marketing, I do not know, how do you say marketing is not my field. I do not know, but I know that you need to market research to find what is possible market, what is your possible products or what possible, which products do we have for which market, probably also crossover. But is that first contact, how do you get that first contact and from there it always starts also. Yeah, I think they are nice because they are a big international company. Sorry? They are a big international company that is doing progressive stuff like shift left. Look for them, they are probably being contacted by many other companies also. I, pardon? How do you say, be innovative and you say I can figure it out. What do you say? I do not know. What do you say? I do not know. Do you get, and maybe it is easier initially to get a little bit of things running here in Paraguay and then go more abroad. I do not know, in principle you should act international as soon as possible, take a look also security where whatever what you are running is running. I got hit and I tried to run because I was not. But it was a bit of a shock. I wanted to pass the kiran but I had to throw it in the face. Frankie, it happens. Why did you go to the kiran? I did not know, I threw it there and it went there. I wanted to throw it there and I did not know. I wonder how many virtual, not virtual assistants, virtual secretaries served us out of Asia. I wonder how many were there. And what would be the price point for it. By the way, once you have that one, it is also what is called your price quality. It could easily be that virtual assistant or virtual AI assistant that you have a price point at some moment in the market that is like 30 or 200, 300 euros a month. So it is actually a really low price point and the only way you can reach that one is by having everything completely automated. And of course, but then you are running not for like 10, you are running for hundreds of companies. I think we are going to miss it. I am not talking to you, I am just going to tell you. There are no secrets here. But there are no secrets here. It is just that door is magical and you cannot open it. It is just that door. I am not talking to you. I am just going to tell you. I am not talking to you. I am just going to tell you. Can you follow anything that is like, what the fuck are they talking about. I do not understand, but like I was just drifting away. It was like white noise. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was like white noise. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Is it really going to come in or like you are going to go like. But you are a tell. Yeah, but you should, how do you say on the business side, how do you say, you have no better idea on cost than whatever. You should have an overview of cost. You should get an overview of what is the service that you need and also. For now the cost we are having is like what we pay for cloud. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Perfect. And also. It is just that you are making the overview. That is. Yeah. And also like what we are being paid. Yeah. And like, but also like equipment, equipment you should put also on it. Yeah. And what expenses you have with what you plan, expenses, what is your downright time for that also. Yeah. But it is, how do you say, you should, how do you say, it is normal you should keep track of that. Yeah. Mom will be complaining about the service, you shouldn't because, you shouldn't because that is what you need. Yeah. I will get her to a note. But how do you say. What I wanted to tell you is because we already do have like a price for the project from Brazil. Yeah, yeah. Ivan was telling you, you already ran some numbers through and whatever. Yeah. And now on from hey this is, and how do you say, on one side you would say it is a high price and the other side is nah, it is a bad price. If it was like a company from outside coming to sell them it would have been much better. Anyway. It is something that you will, how do you say, need to learn how to negotiate, how to what, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. But it is, I have no opinion because I don't know how you say, I wouldn't know but that is a price that you should be asking to run something like that. You are not working for free. Yeah. Yeah. The idea is to make, to make money. That you are, how do you say, learning on the fly, learning on the job, well it is also part of it. That is how all the companies work. For the student that is helping out, they are willing also. They are not giving that one for free. The thing is, is sometimes also, how do you say, how do you say, when you negotiate you should negotiate in advance and not in the end. But. The idea is to talk already, the next time we have like a video call. But the thing is like we want it to be finished before we talk. Exactly. No, no, that is okay. I mean, how do you say that? But I also would not know how to approach that one. So I cannot give you advice on that one versus a good advice to always have it every computer. Who would know how to approach that? I don't know. Ask me how. Would Ken, would, not Ken, would Gaston know how to approach that? How would he talk about those things? Oh, how do you say, feel free to ask him sometimes those type of things. How do you say? But ask him from, hey, can I ask some questions from how? Ask him. I mean, he is happy to help. Don't worry. I mean, for us it is just fun. It is a fun project. It is. And how you say, the funny thing is everybody can do this. The thing is that you have a security blanket that you are not monetary at this moment dependent on that one. Hello, hello. Take a... Take a photo. Take a photo. Take a sack. I have one from earlier. Yeah, like that. Shrimp. We have been talking before. You can give a recap. You give a recap. No. Um, Valenci, we were talking about like N8N and that maybe you guys should take a look on that to like figure out more complex stuff than what I am thinking right now. And that... What else was it? One side is getting familiar with N8N a little bit. I have to be... I have to say, I have taken a very superficial look on it. I know more or less what you can... This one. There is the knife. Only this one? Yeah, but you don't need to put a lot of it. Um... It's to get a basic understanding of N8N. I have been taking a look a little bit also from hey, if I would set up a workflow environment, what would I be using? That would be N8N. Zapir is another one. You were also talking about like figuring out like the step by step of how N8N works, what you can build with it. Yeah. So you can also teach that. Yeah. So I know there are... How do you say? N8N is a one side is a tool to do workflow automations. Each node does something, goes to the next node, splits things up, combines things. You can do many, many things with N8N. You can use agents, you can use tools. It's not necessary to use an agent. But it's the tool that I would use if I would automate in my company anything and it would be my tool. Which is, by the way, we have an N8N server running here. I here take a look at it. I don't know what is the limitation of the free version. Those things you should know. Something for you to figure out. Then I'll say so you should know a little bit on something that you should automate in the company. Yeah. Make sure that you have an N8N server running. Have, how do you say, each one picks one of those projects, learn from it, so that it's automated. So you learn how N8N works. It's just a hand-held experience. And in the meantime, you automate something in the company. So always do things that is not doing one thing, it's not doing two things. That in the mean, it's like doing three things. My issue, I think I have to do that now. Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's. Or automation. Yeah, it's, it's, well, it's, it's, how do you say, it's, you know, one of those, it's like a whole shitload of tasks or whatever. I've been shouting that they should be, you know, for a couple of years. And it's all of that is advice. It is, hey, you guys run it. I'm not running it. It's, I would say I would just tell if I would, if it would be me, that's what I would be doing. Anyway, so you have N8N. Now, how do you say, it's something that you, how do you say, you would be using in your internal company anyway. But it's also some products that you can start selling at some point. So there are, as far as I know, there are N8N workflows that are on, on. Do you want to say something? No, thank you. I'm sleeping so if I. Don't worry, don't worry. It's not obligatory. No, no, no. Now there are N8N workflows that you can download from online. There are people that offering suits for money and whatever. I don't know the quality. I don't know what that is. I just know there is a whole ecosystem. All this is also in the N8N. It's a whole community. I also mentioned to you before that we were talking about looking at creating our own notes and publishing them like on Facebook. That is those were close. But those things I would just, you know, if you have like a nice setup or whatever, you can publish it. You know, there are some things, this is for free. For everyone that wants to use it, great. But hey, make sure that anything that you put online like that. That it has your name. So the whole branding, you need to tell how to say that. There's something for you to go after it. That's how you say that. It's not a market for the whole product. But it's how you say it's. Part of the business is also from, you know, from your website. Here there are all different types of projects that we have been doing. But how do you say there are things that you don't want to show. There are things that you do want to show. There are things that you want to give for free, but you don't want to have linked to the company. All those things. Hey, you need to figure those things out. But it's very common that there is like some sort of strategy. You can't just give it to the company. You can be one company, but there can be many different faces or facades behind it. You don't know what things will lead to. There can be many like small different services, different things that are completely independent. Growing and being. Like to highlight the probability of. Yeah, the more hits you get, the more contacts you get. Like maybe somebody sees one in one page and is like oh, from an Irish person. And he goes to another person and is like hey, I saw that. What would you do if you figured out this is a nice company to work with? What are the first things you're going to be doing? You. No, or what would you be doing if you have like a company you want to? How do you say are interested in doing whatever right right now? The thing that I think we should do quickly with an item is to have an agent helping us in our negotiations and meeting with people. That is live transcription feedback. Yeah, it goes from the current meeting transcribed for the agent. It's a really great one because then hey, if you want actually you. How do you say you if you get a live. Corsa whatsoever. You have at that moment it's you have also the list of participants and all the list of participants are very research. What is their interest? What blah blah blah blah. All those things happen when the meeting starts or even before the meeting. That is what a meeting assistant does. So if you're interested in the company, what would you be doing? You would be researching the company. When you research this a deep research. What are all that blah blah blah blah blah? You will have your standard research prompt for persons companies to to to how you say to to give you every advantage that you can get on it. Of course, not being too stalky, but how you say. That is what is being. Sorry? Sorry? If they put all their information online, it is there to be used. Yes, exactly. So but that also counts the other way. So but it also counts for a company that are really in AI whatsoever. You will get on the radar and so on because you are how to say. That's how they work. They have their books searching for all and whatever. That's how they work. If you would have a lot more resources, you would do that also. How much percentage of resources you will like to to to to that like spaghetti style of the how do you say? So the resources to just just explain me again. The percentage of resources of a company that you will assign to to that like exploratory more like business to make more more number of. To make more more more things to make more. Yeah, the thing is. Is. Now we're trying to figure out any time whatsoever. You will automate automatically documentation from your projects. You know, something that is triggered by GitHub, GitHub commit, trigger something and it starts on a project that will automatically do something for you. Yeah. And just give me an example. That project that example you could have published it as a repository as you know, it's now so easy to have that little thing that you made for yourself to put that. OK, this is quality level that you can just put online that it is not abandoned where it is from. This is a useful thing. It's how you say it's defining the right rules, the right automations to level all those things up. Which, by the way, you can also be part of that thing that you make this automation. What is this? This is this. And it automatically, how to say, if you put this on your get report, so in this workflow, this automatically does unit testing documentation. And you can add these are just examples. You can add whatever you want to this workflow. There are many people that have a similar setup already. Don't matter, by the way, look on them, research them and use it or reuse that making your own ones. But there's nothing wrong in having that one uploaded. It's a useful setup. If people encounter that one, that's a great one. Before, you know, there's a thousand people, ten thousand, hundred thousand people who in your your repository for something so fucking basic. But it's very useful. And that is what you say. What are you doing? How do you say your goal is not to make that get repository? The goal is making the tool for you internally to automate the process flow. But it's something that is not only useful for you, it's useful for a lot of other people. And like that, if you focus a lot on those things, I said a lot of things that you need to set up, a lot of things that you need to automate. And all those automations, you need to automate as much as possible. It's the automation making factory model. That's what you should be focusing on. And part of that, what you can give for free. Part of that is a little bit secret that we would rather keep in our company. I don't think you should have everything out for free. The knowledge is not how you say is making those things. It's maintaining that somebody just copying that one. How do you say it's also is a guarantee till the end. How do you say when you leave the door, good luck with it. It's no guarantees and whatsoever. It's just a workflow. I mean, used to your own, I say on your own risk. But also those things you had to say that branding that risk management that should be all part of how you say you should you should be thinking of it. Then at that moment, you're you're you're getting people that you're uploading. It's already it's already professional. It's like it's just it's like that little that little extra that you put on it that makes something from just another good or something. Hey, it's a documentation. It's that whatsoever. And how do you say it's it's it's a different repository. You you you you have seen many repositories, I suppose. By now, you'll pick out the one that are from. Yeah, this is the people. Now we are using the actions like for our CIC. Yeah, and that's OK. But you want also to be able to have that one linked to to an AI to an end flow at some moment. And the thing is, is the end ones are easy to copy to to to to move around. And those actions, this is a locking into the environment from from Microsoft. There's nothing wrong with it. Doing all how you say all in that environment is that you need someone to figure out which part do you want to do in your own workflow? Which one do you want to do in the in the get it in the gift. Yeah, the environment, something you need to experience, Experience what fits you the best what you always should take a look on which one is the easiest to automate This one is the easiest to integrate with AI that should be in my point of view the core decision in anything that you'll be using and That in principle if it has a REST API on it you're good because you can always integrate with a REST API Yeah, I mean even the AI say that like, you can start it. So, for your time, yeah. Don't make very big and complicated products, but sometimes like small a small workflow Perfect. If you sometimes you have like use workflows that does a whole how do you say ragging system But ragging is already as a service already available. So why would you? Use then a special workflow to do the whole thing. Telling the customers in the project that thing have a lot of pipelines. That is, how do you say, the thing is I went through like six cycles of telling the AI look at the project What should you fix? Look at the project. What should you add? Add more CACD, add more tests, add more CACD, improve the tests, abstract the tests, add more CACD. Yeah, yeah, but that is how you that's how you do those things. But I mean, I mean, the thing is we are, we are using a lot of, we are not using actually, we are learning of course. Yeah. But we are a lot on a product that is even, I don't know, Spark dot dot dot zero, Spark two. The version that you have now is just almost, but the thing is it is so easy now. And you're showing me that now how easy it is to go from zero to a product. How do you say in two, in two, in two months, three months, maybe you're not busy with it. Now this is what you're learning. Now imagine yourself in like two months further where you have your workflow much more automated. The time to go from idea to final product, five days, one week done. You get maybe some negotiation, one week further, two weeks you have a final product and everything automatically done for that. Note for AI, make a good action or something that automatically has a documentation and also the tests for anything that is not tested yet. Yeah, start adding unit tests, have a certain proficiency level. But what is very important is, is that it depends on the life cycle of a project. Now if you have a, how do you say, it's good every idea that you have. So everything will be recorded and whatsoever. Every any idea that gets like a git folder that's back in a git repository. So every idea is a git repository at that moment. Now you, that goes through a certain life cycle. You can have an idea from, yeah, that was a stupid idea. Yeah, from stupid, we're not going to do that. But there are ideas that is from, yeah, not for now, it's for later, not to focus on. And there are ideas that, how do you say, we should start investigating that one. So in the investigating store, in the brainstorm one. That's the thing that's saved a lot of time because, for example, like celery, I was using a workers, background workers. That shit is extremely expensive. That shit is around 34 cent. And while you have Spark or Databricks, even Databricks that Iván could like then, if the product is good, we can even talk with his blog. Yeah. It's more modern, more less. You can also just use Spanish, you probably can understand. Yeah, that's expensive. But how do you say, just can you roll back to what you're trying to tell me just once again. Yeah, you can just do it in Spanish. What is your train of thoughts? Because I'm, how do you say, I'm, you know what you're talking. Yeah. And I have to say, I'm needing to build a complex. Yeah. No, no, how do you say. He likes it. How do you say, I'm very direct and I'm on the spectrum, so I'm even more direct. So, but I want to understand what you were trying to tell. Yeah, because we didn't have the knowledge at the beginning. Yeah. I tried to use celery workers. Yeah. That is like more slow. And celery workers is from? It's some AI agent or what. It's, let's say. Well, it's not anything, it's a competitor of anything. No, it's not even, it's for processing one part of a pipeline. Yeah. Like for. Yeah, it's just one step in a node in a workflow. Yeah, and we lose a lot of time on that. So, there was already an officer told that way better. Yeah. That we could like. Is it the best part? But the thing is, and that is, I would say, and that is what now is what I'm trying to tell you. Yeah. Research. So, when you start with an idea is you don't start with the idea, you do research. What you do in the research is work out the idea that you have. Yeah. But that working out that idea that can go on a conversation with AI or whatsoever if it is even needed because sometimes, you know, the idea. How to say, I can already write down, oh, you mean something like this? Yeah. So, it's more or less, once it is a little bit of clarification of the idea, it's the same like when you do a deep research on the open AI that you have some questions to clarify. But that way you have your idea already a little bit more crystallized. Now, then what you do is, okay, you do a deep research. Okay, is there already something like that? What can we use to find? There is like 20 questions that I can more or less think of of all the things that I want to have done before I even start. So, your idea is a little bit crystallized and then already completely worked out from, yeah, it's already there, use that one. That's okay also because using the other one or, hey, that is expensive, then you know already your competition, what to compete against. And you can also, is it still a good idea or not? You know, but you get into a decision moment and like that and that is something that is really a business and whatsoever, Kirian. That process flow is what you're going to be learning at school. But with AI you can already work it out. What are the things that I need to research? But you want to go from idea to prototype to, how do you say, you can then still continue, okay, hey, let's make a prototype even though based on, you go through different stages. But that is for like a project, for is it going to be a service? Is it going to be, I don't know what it's going to be. There are also ideas on business concepts about service. It doesn't need to be, how do you say, a product. The ideas could also be automations, that things are going more efficient or that you have a better branding or a better appeal to outsiders. There are many, many different ideas, tasks and whatsoever, but for making for each one already a folder, having them in Git, you're never going to forget them. It's automatically putting the, how do you say, it's automatically putting that additional information that you can do with your workers, if you're different, how do you say, you have different workflows that will just, how do you say, improve your ideas while you're just spending your time on other things. It can do that when the CPU, how do you say, when there is CPU time available. I mean, not all of them have the same priority. So you can also prioritize them. So you have a whole shit log, backlog, catalog of ideas, personal ones, company ones. I don't know. Then you can also, how do you say, but those ideas, you make a cursor folder from that one. Now it's already an agent. So your idea is already turned into an agent with all those things automatically collected for it. Yeah, I was... You have in your mind what I'm explaining. And then there is from, you can have a stupid idea. There's nothing, how do you say, nothing wrong with that one. And then you can still continue with that one, but at least you know what you're starting on. But you don't lose time reinventing the wheel. And when you're starting, and it's a good idea, you're so prepared that nobody ever was. So that is the different approach on starting new things. And you, how do you say, trial, how do you say, it's a workflow that I would set up if I would have ideas on how I would have getting everything inside. So the break of personal, we have a break that is too centered in this precise private market. This one we can upgrade to, like I already made it that it doesn't care about the language. Okay. You can, exactly. How do you say you, the thing is what you, how do you say, if you want to offer this as a service, you can offer this as an upload service. You can... There are many ways on how you can market it. You can market this from, hey, you can contact us, we can install it, blah, blah, blah, in premises or... Currently it's just a website. It can be integrated to put the power behind everything else. Right now it is with a mapping service that this is what we expect, the options we give you, which column is this representing. Yeah, yeah, and that is all okay. But how do you say, Dennis, how are you going to market that one? How are you going to make money? You can have, hey, the first thousand calls are for free and now, oh, now you're going to pay. But then you need to detect from who, how do you say, to detect the person or you have to have an account to have it. Or you can have, you know, you can do like 10 calls trial and what so ever. And then it's from, yeah, how do you say, this is a demo site or what so ever if you want to have the services, this and this. But then they have been using it already and it's, oh, this is quite useful. This is like, that is what you use. And word that's, how do you say, the best way, that is how they tend to hook us. They get people to use it and then it's from, oh, yeah, but this was for this one. Actually, you could have read in the user's condition, which you didn't read at all. But yeah, how you market it, I do not know. But it's marketable and you can market it to the whole world around. And once it is used, how do you say, what you want is that if somebody uses it, you make money on it. You don't want that you, how do you say, people using it and you're running up server costs. That is the way you need to find the right balance. And that can be some moments you need from, hey, you can have this one that is for free. But this one runs to against a very simple local hosted LLM. Or you have the paid version that runs against these models, which are better, more secure and cancerous. There are many ways how you, what you can do with it. And it's a marketable product. Of course, it's a really good selling point. Oh, yeah, but this is after can, if you want to have listening in, blah, blah, blah. We have also workflows for that one. We can set up also from you. But you have a marketable product that people may be start using already. And before you know it, you're out of waiting. Don't know which type of workflow and I would not limit to one. You shouldn't. What I mean, but I mean, was like making a big product of small pieces that I could have made it down separately. And market it better. Yeah, but the you're learning. I mean, it takes companies 10 years to learn the same lessons. So, how do you say what you want to focus a lot of these things is little microservices that do one task, one task only for marketing for that one. I think referrals later for other companies. Yeah, I mean, it's like it's the even feedback, you know, you have the comments section. You use the comments. Hey, and of course, it is used that we would have that they are comments can be used for for PR whatsoever. You use it that in your own. You filter a little bit of that. It's always take a look. How do you say everything has multiple pluses, pluses, pluses. You do things for, how do you say, yeah, how do you say to learn to figure out to market to to have a viable product. For hosting, how would it be to host stuff in the server here? You shouldn't be here because Internet services is bad. You should host it in a cloud, which cloud? I don't know which is the best option. Hey, I would think blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. If that's what you're needing, take a look on scaling. How how what models what will be the cost of it? And then you can do it. It doesn't mean that you need to optimize. This is much more important to have a product market than to optimize for cost. That's what you do. Once they have that, at least you do not lost money on running that service. That is something you should watch out for. You can have some like trials and what's the other for fear. But you shouldn't let it run longer than necessary. This is just something to watch out because people really like it before you know it. There's a lot of the use of it and before they are running up the cost. I love it. You always put spending limits on what's the other. And I hope it is used like a billion of times. That is really high demand. The thing is, you need to have your market. How to say how to make money out of it. That is what you need to have. And there are many models. Hey, I was the best model. I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have to do it. And there are many models. I don't know. We don't need to know more fields now. We will just ask AI about what's the best model. The thing is, you have a little bit of Del and Kruger still. You don't know the things that matter. So you don't know which questions to ask. That is also from, hey, AI, what things do I need to take more into account? How to say? Please be my mentor. We're setting up this company. That is how you... And set up a project. Mentor, how to say, business mentor. I have specific folders set up for specific projects. Every folder I have in Chattipatti mainly. But actually I want to move more to Kursk or Gidback or whatsoever. Each one of them has a different composition. Side note for the other. Should I ask Sonja for a credit card? To which to put all of the things that we're using? I think you should set up a credit card. The company credit card. I don't know how, what, whatever. You should have a new company credit card. We first need to have all the legal papers for the company. So it currently will set up on my name or whatsoever. Whatever is needed. That is another part of the things that I... I wrote to the accountant from one. He said he'll send me all the papers we need. Never responded. Go after, but you're not limited to him. Yeah. Yeah? Hey, as... I will probably talk with mom about that. Yeah, exactly. But how do you say... Don't let yourself be bought by anything. Yeah? You're right. Not even me, not even mom. Yeah? I was for context. Currently we're paying for two cloud subscriptions. Because we are both... We're reaching the limit with one. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. And how do you say... But you can't up at some moment or... You can't up? My book. Or with one account. We reach the weekly subscription every week. Yeah. With two, not yet. Yeah, yeah. But hey, that is part of doing business. And I mean, that is part of it. I mean... Yeah, not a delivery for me. No, no. But I'm just... Don't exaggerate. Keep track of it. How do you say... Be aware of cost. But how do you say... Cost optimization is not something you should be worrying about now. But if you're running something on a very low cost service, then yes, you need to take cost optimization into account. Because there you only make money when you... How do you say... You run the model that is cheaper. You run the... You self-host your model. All those types of things become important at that moment. But there are even services that are like hosting specific, like the cheaper model, cheaper... How do you say... How do you say... There is where your response time was there. But if response time doesn't matter, you notice the same like probably now is you make all your unit tests. You said to Cloud, hey, Cloud, make me the unit test. If you have an end-to-end workflow, you run to a local AI model that is good enough to make unit tests, that whole workflow from making unit tests, making documentation, all of that when you pull local, you don't put on your Cloud account anymore. You immediately have some hundred euros again every month. And you learn how to do that. It's... How do you say... It's not what you would be spending your time on for 200 euros a month. I wouldn't spend the time on it. But because you're learning on it, you know, hey, this is the better way to do that one. How do you say... Having unit tests, having those automations running is making you way work more efficiently because you're not needing to talk, to say that anymore. That would be the main reason to do so. Plus, it's done automatically at that moment. So you're not needing to think about it anymore. It just automatically makes sure it is there. You... How do you say... So it's not for cost optimization, but it's for process optimization. Process optimization should always go for it. Because that is a recurring cost, which makes you also much more efficient, which makes it easier to make new things. How do you say... That creates that efficiency in the whole process chain. Make money. Make time. You say that. Yeah, exactly. You create... Save time, save money. Yeah, you're not saving time, you're creating time. That is the difference. You start having time left over, but before you never had enough. You're creating time. Yeah, the department is a mess. Like time, I wish you could do that. It's good that you keep track of time. I wouldn't worry too much about it. What's important is that you have a tooling, a legacy of tooling to keep track of time. You have some workflow that generates a little bit of time tracking and information. It doesn't need to be accurate. If it reflects the time that is spent on things, that is the most important part. The reason why you have that one is to... If you have now measured your time, because now you start optimizing your process flow, you will see that back in your time registry, because things are going faster. You get more done in less time. That is... You start learning, okay, this takes this amount of time. You start learning how much time something costs, and it always costs more time than you initially thought. Actually now, we are in a time where it's always taking less than what you initially thought it would take. I think our problem is that we think that it's going to be done so easily, but then in the end... Yeah, you're already accustomed to the AI time. Yeah, because you were like, yeah, adjusting the things that... Yeah, it will be easy. It's been like a week or a little bit more. No, no, we will just tell him. Yeah, no, the changes to make it work for a bazillion light-roads, as you asked, was way more complex than we initially thought. Of course, we could just tell him that, like, for ourselves, we should estimate time better. You know what I'm saying? The thing is, because you're registering time now, in two or three months, you can start using that information to start to learn... But you have already a feeling, but the feeling is one thing. The other one is measurements. Measurements are always better than feeling. Then you have a much better sense of actual time spent. And then you can take an account that, for example, if you have time registry of like 80% of the time, then you know that you need actually to ask for 20% of the time, because although it was not spent on it, it was spent on overhead, blah, blah, blah, all those other things. Anyway, your CI-CD pipeline, your project pipeline is very important, but it's also... And that is something... I don't know how that works with actions in GitLab, but in GitLab we were configuring our CI-CD pipeline, and it's still a lot of clickety-click. Okay, do this on this action, add this pipeline, add this... I think it's just configuring it in the .github folder. Maybe. Maybe it's something that I need still to figure out how it works, but for me it was still tedious. And you don't want that to be tedious, and in any workflows you just copy it, done. Maybe some configuration files here and there, but it's under your control. I was just going to say that also for the configuration, MCPs do it for you. Yeah, yeah, but that's why for all those configurations, yes, you want to have MCP, you want to have an API you can talk to, and what you... I was saying for the tedious part of clickety-click. Yeah, yeah, but again, then you... How do you say... How do you say your development setup needs to be set up with MCPs for GitLab, and with all the right... I would definitely just have in the .github folder the configuration, and it's a little easy and easy to run. I think also, because you have got the controls, you go figure out what is the easiest workflow to maintain that is behind all your Git repositories. If it takes you like half an hour to set up a Git repository, then it should be created instantly. You don't want to have anything to do with it. It's just created automatically, populated, and committed, everything that you want to add to it. That is currently how I'm not listening to any repositories. I just work on something, a new cursor, until it commits. Yeah, and you don't even need to push it, but commit, I mostly push it at once. I tell it to create a repo and commit whatever I did, push it in smaller grouped commits instead of everything at once. Yeah, and then this branching strategy, I think also start taking on that one also. Yeah, currently we have main event, death and gelatin. Yeah, but you should start thinking on how to improve that one. It's not a high priority, but it's something you should... It's better to fix it early on than later on. So there are better ways to do that one. You have like a release branch, like a current or a test branch. There are different ways on how you can separate things out. Definitely before merging domain we should have all of the other environments and everything. Before merging domain we should put in something between us. Yeah, and of course all those processes you want to automate as much as possible. Start them with tags, so you put a tag in your kit branch and that starts up your flow, that's... Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I personally want to get rid of render. We have a platform to make a de-place, but we want to... You are the backend guy, feel free to remove render. Yeah, I don't know what render is, so... What is stopping you? We need to migrate to... We need the iron, the setup, like... I don't know what is render doing. What is render doing? Render, basically you have a breath and you want money, more money. Build time, costs. Deploy time, costs. You have a service, it calls round 24-7. What does it do? Render is the one that hosts the backend and the web service? Yeah, yeah, there's a hosting platform at this moment. Yeah. Yeah, and... What you need to figure out is where do you want to host which services? But research, that is something... What do you want to do? Don't care. No, it's where do you... How do you say, what is the best hosting option? That can be best hosting... Depending on the service, depending on the customers of the service. For example, in Europe, this type of things, you need to host it in type of Europe, in probably a data center that is in... I would say that runs in the day, LLM or whatever, it needs to also run in Europe because they have very strict personal communication law which doesn't exist in South America. Things you can think on. So it depends on the product, depends on where you're marketing it, but you don't want to be locked in into a certain environment. How do you say? The thing is, we should move away from that one, it should be a project, what are the options, that's it. We'll give you all the alternatives. That is the idea that automatically works out. Yeah, I'm just waiting to make an image on Docker and upload to anything. We want to deploy in virtual, okay, image server. And also those strategies from, for example, we deploy with Docker, which is a great one, I think there are some alternatives also. But the most singleton you can deploy, the easiest it is to run, even if you have like automatically database set up, it automatically happens also, maybe in the same container. I don't know, but it makes a lot of sense. But there are also some other options. I think Docker, there is I think one, and I don't know how it's called, but it is a cheaper option than Docker, because Docker you're still running on a virtual machine or something like that. That's more or less what Docker is. I have Docker for desktop running in my business, like a small Linux server. Yeah, yeah, basically. There was one more direct one, but as I said, I like the expertise. But having a strategy, okay, hey, we do all the Docker, because in the company that I'm working for, they have like a mixed, they have no strategy, and as a result, they never set this up correctly. Deployments is taking them weeks, which should be a push on the button. And that has all to do because of, how to say, on management not knowing the direction that they should go in and how to get there. But yeah, Docker, you can move anywhere. So it's just okay where you host. And then you need to, if you have like, okay, what is the hosting cost? If you have like services that you want to run as demo or whatever. Okay, what does that cost? Okay, that's okay. I mean, those things are all what you need to take into account at that moment. Not to worry about, but just to take into account. It will save a lot of time in the future because of that example of that company taking weeks to deploy something. That could happen if we have a lot of pipelines going like... Yeah, yeah, yeah, but that's why you want to have your own setup. This setup and these are all the rules and that all nodes, how do you say, you can individually update more or less your node infrastructure. I think to be sincere, the thing that has lost a lot of time was the customer asking, okay, now add this, now add this and now add this. It was like from the beginning they were like, yeah, we need to upload XLS. Okay, you can upload XLS, CSV, whatever you want. Then it was like, yeah, okay, our files are this big. Okay, okay, we can still manage for that. Okay, now we need packets. So now we need what? Now they want to upload files that are like, up this video lines. And it's like, yeah, we can do that, but couldn't you fucking tell us that from the beginning? If we knew that in the beginning, we could went directly to parquet. That's the format that we could use with Spark, data bridge to process quicker, way more cheaper. But we didn't know that at that time. Two reasons really, because I didn't research that. And the customer didn't say anything about it. Yeah, yeah, but the, how you say, it's part of, or business is part of learning. The customer doesn't know what it wants. If you think the customer knows what it wants, they don't know what they want. They have a problem. They think that they know how to solve the problem, but you only should pick the problem and come with your own solution. But you still need to sell it. That was a great idea that the customer had. And it inspired you to make it even better approach because of blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You're not telling he was bad one. It was just was a brilliant one that inspired you to do something even better. Yeah. Yeah. But you always say you always have. And that is something, how do you say, what you need to learn at some moment is OK. This is all what we agreed on. Let's work this one out. Let's get this to market first and accept it and whatsoever and anything else afterwards. Let's talk about that one. Yes, we can do that. There's no problem in doing that one. We would have done that actually what we would have known that one. But we want now, how do you say, to fit, how do you say now we should first talk on, OK, how do we continue? How do you say we need to start talking about numbers? And if that is, oh, I thought this was all for free and forever for free from, well, I thought you knew that the world was working in a different way. I mean, yeah, but it is a some moment. It's how to approach that one. I do not know. I mean, I'm not a seller, but it's you. I say, that's why I want to be there. Yeah. But you say I for us, but how do you call that? It's a very common that there's a lot of change that the customers always have more change. That's why you want to start with a prototype. Hey, this is a product. You're not still the prototype. It should be, you know, that is free. You know, you just show, OK, we can do like this, you know, you're already pressing the prototype. There's all the feedback. We can make this one. But, you know, a project, we're going to expect this amount of time is going to take. This is the amount of old fashioned time it would take. It's not going to take us, but hey, we're not going to for free. This is going to cost this amount. And you can talk about the project, the product that you're making for them, the conditions for them, when it will be done. How do you say it? So it's a way of approaching the prototype. And if your prototype is sent out automatically from ID to everything, you know, what I just told you, that doesn't cost you anything. You know what I think we should do when we are like having talking and stuff? We should do like a super surface video in the background. Because my attention span is struggling. Yeah, yeah. But that's why we're recording. Yeah. OK, so we are still learning a lot. Business more. The human factor is like the biggest issue in general. I didn't talk about that. You can make sense that the human factor is how to talk to people or how to... Yeah, like the client doesn't know what he precisely... How to solve the case. Yeah, yeah. The thing is, how to say, you never made a product. How to say, you never made a product. I make a very many, many products. I know the client never knows what they want. Some clients know what they want. But there's a different approach there. They can tell you exactly. They can tell you exactly the problem, why is the solution, why they want to have exactly specified like that. But then it's already pre-designed like that. You know, but normally a customer doesn't come with that one. And even like that, you still should challenge any designer. Even if you have an idea, a design, you should always challenge it. Never accept an idea as... The first idea, the first solution as the correct solution. There's always a better. And that is also when you're making, how to say, you have like prototype and after prototype, let's say you continue. Then you still have a plan. That plan you should really work out. You should really review. But you don't need to plan to find detail. That is the agile development. Are you aware of that one? Agile? Agile development. Agile is how to say. Agile. And what is according to you, agile development? You plan first like features and you go through steps. It's more like... Creating a plan of what you're going to do. Yeah, once I have a deeper feature, the features you break down in stories. They call it. The feature is like some kind of functionality and a story is like a ticket. One, I'd say one magical ticket. Normally taking between half a day till one week. The thing is, is that half a day is now... 20 minutes. Half an hour. And one week is now one, how to say, half a day. Everything goes a lot faster in going through them. Normally you would plan a fixed amount of features and then those features you're going to walk through and you create them in tickets and stories. All of that will unlock. But then when you have a ticket, you start planning that ticket. Now, that initial feature, the one that you wanted to make, to add, is good to really take a good look on that and also the plan of that feature. Because if you take the wrong decision, if you just think, okay, yes, go, go, go, go. Once it goes into the wrong direction, you most of the time are better to just start over than to try to correct it. It is really harder. It's a different way of working now. Anyway, but Agile, the features and stories, that is the little things that you're making. How do you say? You have like, normally you work on a program increment. That is the whole time you're going to work on that specific project. Currently, that is normally around two to three months. So it's two to three months is planned. Then that is divided in sprints from two to three weeks. Where you're working with a two week sprints, where you're loading all the tickets into like a train, all the boards, all tickets are there. And I have to say, there's nothing changing anymore during the two to three weeks. So you can concentrate, focus working on those tickets. So you have for normally you would load for two to three weeks in the two to three weeks of work. But with StoryPoint, as everything is going now faster, that week is like becoming more or less like a day. Things are going wacko here. I'm just talking to you how it's going. So you have like some six sprints from two to three weeks, six to four sprints, depending on the length of your PI. Six, five, six, eight, all depends on the sprint length and PI length. Now, what most companies are going wrong with, they go with always the easy features. This one, that one, mainly UI and whatsoever. The thing is with agile development is you're moving the risk to the front. You first do the critical parts, the most complicated parts you put to the front. And once you have done that first part, now you do the rest. It's what with SpaceX, they had the first version that would be OK, we can land. That was OK, after we could land, OK, now we can make all the variations and whatsoever. That's why they had now with the last flight. There's all the difficult parts. OK, can we fly and then land? OK, can we launch and then land? Yes. Can we catch them? Yes. So all those checkboxes, now all the difficult checkboxes are done now. Now it's OK. Now you're OK. Set up your production line. Set up, how do you say, now is time to go fast. That's the last part. And what many companies do, they do the first part, they spend a lot of time on the easy things. And then there's no time anymore for the difficult. That's the failure of the project. Now, and besides that one, you have normal with Agile development, you have like a scrum, like every day you're sitting together, OK, what everybody working on, OK, everybody knows what is needed, any questions, any other clear, whatever, no, OK, go. That is, you know, the football, when they are all, that's the scrum, that's what's coming from. We definitely need to play that. Yeah, but it's still based on old fashioned development. Then the other side is you have in the old fashioned development, you had the waterfall model. It's where the waterfall model, you would define everything in advance and then you would start working on it. And with Agile development, while you're working, you're figuring out how it should be. So you're much more easy to adjust on changing circumstances while things are happening. So it's very important that to get clarity you put in the front and then you're working out the details as things become apparent. With workflow, this is what NASA was doing, design everything from front to start. And if you later on need to change something here that has repercussions in the whole trajectory afterwards, so they are very hard to sign off on. Yes, this is what we want because, oh, then we forget something, blah, blah, blah. The wrong way of working. Now, what you now have is that that whole sprint PI goes way faster. You get way much more done in a way shorter time. So that whole methodology is changing, but still you should put the most difficult part already always in the front. Prototype, okay, this is what we're going to do. Yes. Okay, now difficult parts, figure out. And if there are no difficult parts, then it's easy, just plan ahead. But there's always like, that's one thing, that is the complicated part. The reason why it's a part module one, not. Then the other one was, oh yeah, the waterfall. Then the other one was what they, because they don't want to write the documentation, so they write the test documentation. So instead of writing documentation, they write unit tests to lock in the design. That was more a cost saving measurement. So now what you do is you have a plan, you make your designs, you work out your features in more detail. And then from those features, you normally can, you create those features with AI, of course. And then you let AI take over from the feature and make the tickets, make the planning for that. Check shortly the planning. I'm all that I can go automatically. For now at least, I've added a lot of stuff that just complains if there are not enough tests or something is not covered or something fails. Yes, to automate that, I want to show you. So when you try to commit something, it checks additional stuff. It actually should just trigger automatic workflow from, hey, the next step. What is? You shouldn't block the commit, you should just trigger from, hey, unit test needs to be generated. The problem is easier because I can just copy output, pass it to the chat. What should be done is before you commit, all unit tests that exist should have run. Because that was a funny one. Okay, now add unit test. Oh, there's one unit test that's failed, but it's not encoded. But before you were making all the changes, I had zero unit test failures and now I have. So your problem, you made everything, you fixed it. Yeah, that's also right. AI is not listening in here, right? Hey. Oh, shit. AI is always listening. AI will listen into the past, so watch out what you say. To the past. Yeah, everything you record in now, it will be in the future. So in the future it will. You get what I mean? Yeah. But then again, recordings from the future are a little bit hard to combine. Always, every recording is always a little bit older, even if it's just a second. Recordings. Yeah, any recording you have is always older than the now. Oh, yeah. Because it's always, always. Of course, yeah. Yeah, I would say priority and all those things, yeah, you need to figure out. Changing teams for changing, watch out for that one. There's always a better solution. But if you want to migrate, do migrate or whatsoever, but make it one of those ideas that you have from, OK, we should migrate, OK, this is the right time to take this. It's like you should, how do you say, plan and have all the ideas and which ideas or which tasks are we working on. And that could be, you know, you could vote it. Of course, you can use common sense, but you should always plan it. And by planning it means that you write it down. How do you say you write it down? It's one of those tasks and whatsoever. And it should then be more important than the other ones. It's hard to say when you don't write it down and you just start doing it, you're forgetting that there are also other things that maybe have a higher priority. Maybe not. It tends to happen. It is something that tends to happen. It tends to happen. It's just this one. Just this. And then the next day you're like, oh, shit, took a little bit longer than expected. And things can take longer. Who cares as long as you learn from it. Yeah, then it's like at some moment QA, all these types of things become important. Not too much at this moment, but you should start setting up those pipelines for those tools. But yeah, everything is about for this one. We just copy paste it and that's that is exactly that is why I say all the things that you're learning from it. And maybe some things you don't want to copy paste from. Yeah, that was a nice idea. But no, and structure is your product, you know, such rights, your models that you want to using it. Focus on the language that you want to be using and also make sure that you, how do you say, have a good reason why you do that. I don't know what you're what you're using for what. But standardize it. Don't have a bar. How do you say you have one thing? What is it? TypeScript, the other one in Ruby, the other one in C sharp, the other one in Java. Make sure that you, how do you say, get to whatever tool in language or whatever you should be using for whatever you're doing. Byte is good for integration. Don't use it for anything else. Web pages, I don't know. It's not my field. Java, C sharp are good for back end. There are other options. For now, I will continue finishing making the Excel nicer. Very making the personal stuff. Yeah, yeah. But making it functionality a bit better and nicer and more complete with better reports and everything. Yeah. I added some things so it's more useful for other people. I like to know that some data sets from the internet. I like to know that some data sets from the internet. I like to know that some data sets from the internet. Yeah. To also test it with airline, e-commerce and some operations. So providing their customer feedback. And then it may start making a marketing plan. How are you going to market that one? What are the market segments that you want to offer to? After running it also shows if you add this information, we can provide this information. Yeah. Let's see. Make it as an entry point for any other commercial contacts. Definitely makes sense. Yeah. I see to configure the setup for any kind of research approach. Yeah, that's more for complete automation, etc. For the first things to take a look on, I would say to scrape and get all of the context from all of the recordings and organize our repositories and everything better. For example? There are many different workflows that you can set up. Yeah. But you... But I think that's more or less it. Anything random you want to ask for later? Otherwise I'm down to go and continue working. Sorry? Yeah, I would say I need to do all sorts of things. We need to pick up some stuff on our way. I need to get sand for my cats. Yeah, the toilet is not sand. Yeah, but it's like cat sand so they shouldn't be there. And then I can pick it up and use it. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was just checking on the setup and it was working. Or like, on the way, we can talk and clear things up. Yeah. So we can talk about the stuff later. Yeah. Do you have any questions for me? No, I think the... Do you have any questions? No. Next question? I think maybe. We need to research what's... Yeah, you'll get there. I'm going to work on that. I'm going to work on that. Yeah, I have to... One, the database migration, I was like, yeah, I want to have this built out of it. Hey, but this table has already this built. Ah, why didn't you tell us that we didn't know they're adding it as it is in that one? Because, you know, then I would have used all the standards that way. Yeah. Clients are always stupid. Clients. Clients are always stupid. Yeah, I don't know. Maybe that's the point where you should solve with AI. Stupid, yeah. That's why we have AI. I definitely think it's a good idea to take a look on something to... Like after the...