 A data engineer very often doesn't simply drive transformations to take data from here, from the bronze layer to the gold layer, but oftentimes needs to also deal with stitching together tools like the ones from here, so basically managing infrastructure, taking care of deployment, and also troubleshooting issues when things don't go according to plan. And all of that can be unfortunately quite time consuming. So this is where us from the data-based team have introduced Lakeflow comparative pipelines, or what you may know as VLD in the past. These Lakeflow comparative pipelines are part of the Lakeflow family, together with Ingest and with JOBS. Ingest is also our solution to help you bring data in using a wide range of point and click connectors, and JOBS is our solution to automate pipelines as soon as you're happy with their logic. Now what is specific to declarative pipelines is, like the name says, the declarative approach to data engineering. We have actually introduced that some time back, and the goal was to reduce developmental complexity. So when you create a declarative pipeline, like the name says, once again, you're simply declaring or telling a system which data sets you want to have in your pipeline. So here we have two examples. We have a streaming table and one that kind of a brutalized view. You see it's a simple definition for each of these. So basically we are telling the system, okay, I want to have these tables in my pipeline, and we're also telling the system how these tables should look like. For example, which fields we want to have in, and also how they relate with each other. And the system figures out what is a dependency graph, also figures out what are changes, which tables need to be updated, and also takes care of handling the parallel execution. So overall, when you have a declarative pipeline, you get the pipeline that is easier to reason about, that is optimized for execution, and also it's easier to maintain. In addition to that, we've introduced right now, and we've actually announced it earlier in the session today, a new editor that goes hand in hand with a paradigm that comes with declarative pipelines to simplify offering for data pipelines. This editor provides primitives to organize code into different files, into different folders. And it's a system that allows you to integrate your kind of logic. So you can execute your code in a pipeline, so all the files that are part of the pipeline, you can execute a single file, you can execute a single table. There are also data previews, graph dependencies, like you see here on the screen, and many, many more features. You will see some of this in action in just a bit. And of course, like I mentioned, there was a session where we went in full depth when it comes to this editor. And together, this editor that allows you to offer your pipelines and the declarative approach, give you the tools to develop your data pipelines. But you will say there is much more to take care of when it comes to taking a pipeline or code that runs in development, and then making sure that that can actually run as a pipeline in production. That includes things like version control. Oftentimes, you want to make sure that you can do changes that track properly. Also, whenever you change the logic of your pipeline, you probably want to make sure that there are no regressions introduced, so testing comes into play. Code previews are important, and also the systems that you are using most likely. We'd like to make sure that's seamlessly integrated with whatever you're using for code previews. And then for a data pipeline, these are important tools of how to deploy them templates, for example. And a system that allows you to deal with different configurations across, for example, development and production. And one straightforward example is in development, very often we work with smaller data sets, whereas in production is where we use the actual data. In addition to that, once a pipeline is running in production, we want to make sure that things are automated, that we are able to define things like schedules, triggers, that we are able to monitor our pipelines. And when we do this for the templates, we are able to draw the data. So we are able to make the tool that we have available for how to deploy this. And to make the demos more relatable, we chose scenarios that we often hear from customers. So what we hear often times is that there tends to be a split of responsibility in data. On one hand, we have data practitioners. So these are the subject matter actors that know the data very well, but they don't know that this is going to be very difficult and very hard to do. Because they use that development deployment logic, and they bring it up to having that in the base, so the logic. But then once that's running, they hand over this logic to a central data teaching or data engineering lead, who will be specialized in setting up automation, schedules, CICD templates, and many more aspects that have to do with automating this pipeline. And also set up monitoring. To make these demos, like I said, more relatable, we also chose sample data sets. So this is actually a similar data set so that we can focus on the tooling. So it's focused on the sentiment analysis. And yeah, without further ado, let's jump right into Databricks and see how that works in action. I have here a pipeline, which I have created before, and you see learning and this is what I mentioned. And there is one of the files in the pipeline that I have over here. We already see right away that this is a table that has to do with popularity, but the logic, you find popularity is not that sophisticated. So I might want to change that. But yeah, let's inspect a bit the data. So it seems that we have some scores about usefulness, coolness. Let's see what we have in the sentiment analysis table. We also have some data here. And then here on the data preview side, in this editor, we see that it's not doing quite right. We have negative stars. So that's probably something that we need to correct in our pipeline. Because most likely whatever we have in the resulting table is not correct. Let's see here on the source table, it seems to look better. It seems not. So most likely we need to change the logic on this table. All right. As I was at the original table, I mentioned that I'd like to introduce a more vast definition of popularity. And I'll just command I, which is a shortcut to call in or summon the assistant. And I want to give the assistant the prompt to help me have a more vast definition for our popularity. I've prepared that before so that I don't have to type a lot of text. So we're telling this to say usefulness seems to be a much more important aspect of popularity. So help us write a code where usefulness has a higher weight. And the code seems about right. So let's accept that. Let's just run this file. So I, oh, look what I just did. I just did all my changes in the main branch. That's not correct. You're scared? Yeah. All right. So, yeah, let me do that. I'll undo my changes. So, yeah, what we often want to do is do changes in a branch. So we can actually do that from our editor right away. I'll create a branch. Let's call it TR567. All right. Let's create a branch for our changes. All right. So we are now operating in our branch. I'll quickly do thrash just in case. Maybe things are a bit slower on the WiFi end. Yeah. It's coming. It's coming. Okay. So we are now operating on our branch. So I'll just run these changes. So I'll not redo my steps. But yeah, I should have obviously started to make more changes in this branch. We will deal with this later. And even meanwhile, Yandera has run as well. So we see here that because I'm working around this file, actually, only this table was executed. So it's a much more efficient execution. So I'm kind of, we can get some of the details about this editor as well. All right. What I mentioned before is that I'm also not happy with the fact that we have some data quality issues in this table. So I received the changing or trying to change the logic here as well. And I use this quick action when our DAG takes us to the file where this table is defined. And indeed, it seems like we have no data quality expectations, nothing defined. So let's quickly ask the assistant to call us again. And again, command I prepared it to set up. All right. Let me quickly add the prompt as well. So we are telling the system that, hey, I'd like to have this code where we're telling if there are nulls and if where. So we have to start with lower than zero because we also have some IDs here. So we want to make sure that your IDs are not null. And the code looks about right. So let's accept that. And I will run this just to make sure that everything works well. So, yeah, some other details that we see here is that we've kind of organized the code into data sources and transformations. So, yeah, already things are going to organize in a way that fosters best practices in terms of software engineering. So, yeah, things work well. So probably the next thing that I want to do is make sure that I don't need to use any trash because this is where data comes into play. So we are actually adding native support for testing in declarative pipeline for what you call before DLT. That's actually not available in production yet. This is why I will now switch to a staging environment where we have that feature running. So you see here similar logic where we have created in the other pipeline. So what I want to do is add some tests here. What I can do right away is again, someone in the assistant to help me with that. So I'll ask the assistant to generate some tests for me for this logic. And right. So we have here some code and let's quickly see. I tried to run this, but it doesn't seem quite right. Let's see. But that doesn't sound quite right to me. But let's see if this test is going to run. While the test is running, I'll try to explain what we have in here. So we have a mock data frame which is enabled to our test. Now we have here the extension to DLT for testing where we are using our popularity table as input. And we are then saying, OK, I use this data frame to test the popularity table. And here we are also explaining that we want this data frame as an output. So now we have an assertion at the end. Like typically it's the case with tests where we are checking if the two match. And actually it worked. So I was slightly concerned because it felt like there were a few changes that didn't match. Gender is a very good system, but actually that's really correct. That's great. So in that, you know, my code that I just did here works. So most likely what I want to do is commit that to Git. I just want to comment that it was amazing. It was like a live demo on Stacey, right? With the assistant, which is pretty cool. Yeah, it's right. So it gave us the right result. Yeah, I'm also happy. Cool. So what we want to do now is, you know, this PR. I want to commit that. I'm going to hand it over to my data team to kind of set this up in production. So I typically only just put some comment here. And then I'm going to, if everything goes well, create a poll request and then off we go. So I'll quickly do that and then quickly switch back to the slides and kind of recap what we've seen. We've seen that I could actually do changes in a safe and isolated environment. Obviously I need to do that from the beginning, create a poll request before I do your changes. You've also seen that I could follow best practices, like what typically you want to have for your data engineering best practices. So I could add that with version control my code. I submitted my changes for code reviews. And in addition to that, that I could Google this from this editor, from the other experience that we've introduced now for the particular type of comments. And we got to let you know what happens to my code once the tension data is taken over. And then I'm just going to help with that. All right. Thank you, Adriana. So like Adriana said, there's lots of this bit we see with customers. There's a simple data engineering team or data engineering leads. It takes care of the infrastructure and the CI&CD. So the data practitioners don't really have to worry about it. They might need to learn a bit. If they want to apply best practices, they might use the system to learn about testing. Otherwise, there's an academic take on it. So I'm going to show you. Let me go to the tab. So what I can do now is I can actually go to Gizot. So we can use Gizot for this demo. We have a general appearance. This is for a question based on that. And we said this is possible with GitHub actions. So what it actually does is it runs a lot of code test. But not all of the tests before we merge this. I actually need to check my production part first before I do the first test. Because there might be an issue there. So this is back at the production workspace. So as a best practice, this is a different workspace from the work space our practitioners work on. As a data engineering lead, I have access to this workspace. I can look at a couple of production pipelines that exist here. And then this sentiment and others pipeline has been failing for a while. It's great that I'm getting a notification about most states here. Let's look at what's going on here. Sorry. So this is the same pipeline ostensibly that Adriana worked on. This actually says prod. So this is actually a production version of the pipeline that Adriana has worked on. Otherwise it has the same shape as we saw before. So this is the same pipeline ostensibly that Adriana has worked on. This actually seems to have this error. I can also look at the file tree here. That's the same shape as what Adriana worked on before. And there's a little red error marker here. And apparently there's some warning over there. So let's dig in and let's look at what this error is. And it looks like there's actually an error here. This is called an expectation failure. So it looks like someone just committed a new expectation and they set expectations to actually fail the updates whenever an experience is violated. So that causes the entire pipeline to fail, which is great. So I'm not going to fix this here. This is production. I'm going to ask the engineer to submit a progress with a fix. So this is just to showcase a bit what is this pipeline, what is this production pipeline. Now it's a different one that Adriana worked on. So beyond the name that says problem, there's a screen here. Here are the settings of my pipeline. And then I can see that there's a default catalog, which is my own catalog. And this is in the production schema. So it's a different schema than what these predictions work on. This is how we separate the dev and prod. Different workspace, often different catalog, different schema for prod. And then if I go down here, there's a whole bunch of tags. And there's a team tag that says Lakeflow team, and there's an off center that says data engineering. So there's a bunch of differences here. And what I can do as a central engineer is I might create these pipelines in the UI. I might click, click, create a production pipeline. Again, I might click, click, create a development pipeline. So we can use comic reading files to create these dev and prod pipelines. Let me show how that works. Actually in the same get your poster in, you have a YAML file that's Yelp Review Sentiments pipeline in YAML. This is a YAML file that configures my pipeline. This has the name of the pipeline we saw here. And then it has a catalog in a schema. These are actually variables. These variables are different from dev and produce work on and from prod. But what we also can see is that it's apparently importing a bunch of files here. So it's importing everything in data sources and everything in transformations. So transformations here and data source here. In this class we're going to be finding everything that makes up this pipeline. And then as a last thing, there's a comic creation. That's also passing some comic creation to this pipeline. Now you might wonder, what is this YAML format? How do I author this? The short answer to that is that this is a Data Reduction Bundles YAML file. Data Reduction Bundles is a tool that allows me to use comic creation files like this. And then make use of CI, CD, LightGit and Actions or Azure DevOps or any system like that. To create my production pipeline automatically. Or my text is automatically. Or create my development pipeline automatically. And that's all done with these configuration files. So let's actually look at this pipeline again. So handy setting, right? Default kernel for ScrumLanar and default schema is prod. That's all based on this comic creation file. And then it's based on the values of these variables. So you might wonder, where are those values set? They're also set in the same git repository. But then I have to look at this file tree again. So this file tree actually shows me everything that's in the pipeline. There's other things in this same git repository as well. What I can do is I can click on all files. And then go up. And then one of them in the same git repository, there's something called a data-retail-yaml. This is the marker file that we use for all data-retails and when those are introduced. Convexers, what is this deployment? What is my dev? What is my prod? And a few other properties. Again, this is a fairly simple YAML format. And we have a lot of template and tools to create these YAML files. This YAML file I did not create by hand. I made a couple of customizations. And then I can use the file tree. So in this case, there's these values that are defined in this data-retail-yaml. There's a catalog variable, there's a schema variable, and there's notifications. So for production, I might set certain notifications that I might not set for development. And then there's a section of targets. So there are different deployment targets. There's a development target, there's a dev target, there's a prod target, and then there might be any number of targets for this whole department. And then the log-foods target and so on. And then the editor actually knows a lot about this. So I can, for example, hover over these things and they'll tell me, oh, there's a description here. They'll tell me that on workspace, that's the target, the workspace for our target. And there are also other things like code completion and so on. So what we did is we actually made the workspace aware of this format. It's not going to alter if they look at it and work with it. And we can show more of that next. But first, let's dig in a bit deeper. So we have this dev target, right? The dev target, it goes to a staging workspace. This always targets staging. And this is a mode development, so this is apparently a development target. The development target really means that it can be used by any number of developers. Each developer gets their own development pipeline with their own incremental changes. And then there's variable values. So this was the main catalog. And then there's a schema. And what we intend to recommend is to use the username as a schema. So there's actually an Adriana schema support. And there's Prot. So Prot we use this mode production. So this indicates this is a production deployment. It can be only one. It's not one per user, there's just one production. And there's a few save parts in this mode production. All this is covered in detail, so it's a bit of a big favor here. This actually goes to a different workspace, a different map in that workspace. And it really is variable values for different bread. This is going to be more of a Prot schema. This can have email notifications. I might also set up like page-relay for those cases or Slack notifications. And it has a bunch of permissions. So in this case, I gave myself management permissions. So it gives me management permissions for everything that's in this bundle. In this case, I have an requirement here that also has a job for registration. Let me show that next. And I give a guy access to the job. It's very helpful for the permissions to actually be done. Then there's something called presets as well. So this is something, again, that's applied to everything that's in this bundle. So any number of pipelines might be in this bundle, in this project. They all get this set of tags. So they all get a late-13 tag and a cross-gender tag. And I also set this name prefix, Prot, that is on here. And this is actually just a copy of all the pretexts. I thought that marking this as Prot just made it super clear that it's Prot. And Prot just really careful with it. If I give you access, don't create it. So looking back at my production pipeline. So another interesting thing about this production pipeline is that I actually have a job that schedules it. So jobs are where you use orchestration. And jobs, they also go bigger with the same kind of YAML format. So in this case, you have a YAML that says, yes, every day, this pipeline should be scheduled. And I can see that in the UI as well. I can go to the digital UI and I can see there's barely a schedule every day. It's a job that's marked Prot. So I can mark all of these and code all these things in my configuration. So everything is automated. My session expires. It's not that bad. Actually, what I should say is the most scary thing I do in the pipeline is actually conference Wi-Fi. Like, refreshing a tab like this, you always hope that it's going to load and it's not going to be super slow. But it seems slow. The other thing I want to show you is one of the great things that I might set up as a data engineering thing. I'm going to actually go to my workspace and I can look at what else is in this gitter post rate. So I'm going to go all the way to the root of my gitter post rate. And there's actually two projects here. So I have these YAML reviews elements in and there's like this backshedding pipeline thing to file 2. That's great. I actually want to show this gitter configuration. So like I said, we support all kinds of CI systems. A lot of customers use Azure DevOps, integrate all with that. I'm going to show how gitter actions is configured here. So in the repository we have the .gitter folder. And then similar to what we do, Databricks, they use YAML files to configure all of these settings. But they use YAML files for configuring and there's a correction deployment and it should go to this workspace and so on. In this case I'm passing tokens. I can say it's a best practice. I would use identity variations. You don't need to mess with tokens. It's a new thing to get up. And then, yeah, as I said earlier, I might finish all of this. It's a lot of YAML files. So that's why I like to use this place. That's what I'm going to show next. I'm going to finish all of this without having to write all of these YAML files in scratch. So I'm back at my gitter repository. And I'm going to show somebody else that we haven't quite released yet. So we have a new support for Databricks Asset Mammals in the workspace. So if you have any Git folder, you can click Create Asset Mammal. And the very new thing that I'm showing in this demo is that there's a new template. So this gives me a bunch of templates. I can select a bar plan, a YAML file, and so on. And we have a new list of bar plans template. Let me use that. New bar plan. Go to next. And just accept all this. And this is something, or creates something that's called new bar plan. It's going to use the main catalog. Accept all the defaults. So it's going to use what we recommend. It's a personal schema for every developer in development mode. So in development mode, it would use the main.adjana or main.lanar catalog. And I guess the last thing I showed here is that it can pick whatever language you'd like to use here. But it should bring you to the SQL-based bar plan. You can use Python as well. You can combine these languages anywhere you want. We do see that most customers use just one. They use either Python or SQL. But we should work well together. Now what's happening here is two things. So one thing is that this is a staging feature. So it takes a little bit more than I would like. The other thing is that some of you I've had did it a thousand times before in the past. And they have done this with the CLI in the terminal. The local terminal with the CLI. What I'm doing here is it's all in the works page, right? It's all in the browser. So what we do is actually start some serverless reviews. You run the CLI here in a hidden way. And we give you easy write controls. So let's look at what it just generated. So it actually created a new database of YAML. This looks quite similar to what I showed before because I just used this template for my demo earlier. There's a dev target. Dev has my username. And there's a prompt target. This might not be quite right. I mean, it can change this later. And this can send new notifications. Great. And then there's resources. So what we like to do with their demos are tabs and shorts. The XR that we tend to use after staging a couple of times. What we like to do in tabs is we have a resource folder about convention. And then when you use a big flow, we tend to have one folder per pipeline. So I have my new pipeline pipeline folder. It's a brilliant name. And there's a familiar explorations, transformations, utility structure again. So I can go into transformations. And then open one of these files. So this is my example sample trips file. It's like refreshingly UI. Because what it just realized, the first thing it just realized is that I work on a pipeline. It's a pipeline inside the DAB, inside the bundle. It's a pipeline nonetheless. So it's going to give me the same familiar pipeline editor. It's going to give me this practitioner experience. Where I can now, if I change it, I can commit them with Git. And DAB will create this development pipeline for me. There's a little panel here. Rocket library. And that's how you manage these kinds of big pipelines. And that's how you manage your depth, your props, and so on. And that lets you, from these configuration files, create a development pipeline. Or from the configuration files, you can even create a production pipeline. We really recommend that you use CIJD. But in the first stages of your development, you might even manually just create your production pipeline. All right. So this is what I wanted to show. Let's go back to the slides. All right. So a quick recap. What I just showed you is that as a central HHG team, we have a lot of automation at our disposal. I don't need to click, click and create a production pipeline. Click, click, create a development pipeline. Click, click, create this for every practitioner in the company. We use automation. And practitioners get this definitely better, used to. But now they can use Git. And there's templates to create all these config files. If you're getting started with this, you don't have to start with a pipeline. We offer templates. And we see that a lot of our customers actually make their own templates. They create their own templates that sometimes practitioner teams use, or sometimes the central HHG team creates these pipelines. There's a lot of flexibility there. And then there's a lot of safeguards that I showed, right? So there's safeguards like that tests. I can ask my practitioner teams to always use that. I can run these tests as a pre-test. I can do validations. I might do an end-to-end test in the staging before I deploy the product. And then I get the data to work with to understand some of this. And then it understands these YAML files. It understands deployments. It understands tabs. And these things work together. And then the other thing that perhaps given time I have not highlighted quite enough is observability. What I just showed you is that I might get a notification if my production pipeline fails. There's a lot more to observability than showing this far. There's things like system tables, like so. There's another talk on this topic tomorrow. And ultimately you might debug your production pipeline. You might involve your practitioner team in that as well. And you can make sure that everything runs smoothly. So to set everything up, what we showed you is there's an inner death loop for practitioners. There's seamless, smooth, practitioner-on-order values considerations. And as a simple way of seeing, I have a lot of control in making sure that deployment is safe, that the department should work well. I actually also have control to make sure that the developer experience for practitioners is awesome as well. And I can offer safeguards. I can make sure that there's tests, that there's code reviews. And then there's the valve tooling support. And I'm bringing all of this. So there's the late valve, there's the new late valve editor, there's various asset bundles for automating the valve use. And then there's something this talk is titled, the Hick-Toling production, right? And it's actually important to call out this. Yes, we like to show radio things at these seminars. The core of everything I showed has been GA, has been in production for a long time. So late flow jobs and pipelines are production-hardened products. Pipelines are something you have iterated on a ton and showed a lot of new features, a lot of new capabilities at these conferences. But the core has been there for a long time. It's the same for data test demos. DApps has been GA since April last year. It's ready. It's been battle-tested by a lot of you in this audience. There's also new things. So this editor that I just showed in the workspace, that's in Pera. That's a UI piece where you're training on that. You have a lot of plans to make it even more awesome. And there are asset bundles in the workspace, which helps practitioners work with task-based projects in the workplace. That's not in public preview. We hope to get both of these to GA very soon. And we look forward to anything that you might add to these products. Alright, thank you all.