 You were saying from hey, for your boss, hey I'm working, and yes you are working, but you're so efficient in that working that you on the side are also working, for your own things. Now, this is exactly what management thinks, and it's the wrong thinking. Actually it's the right thinking, because what you're doing is you're doing more AI work and you are getting more experience. I literally ask them, please give me more tickets. Yeah, exactly. Perfect. So what you're having is... Let's go somewhere else. What you get is you're speeding up. You're speeding up. That's what you need to do. You want to get your cycle time as fast as possible. And it's also for fitting out websites and ideas. How fast can you get your ideas up and running? Now, what you get then there, when you cycle up, is you want to... What I mean with cycling up is, you're getting faster. Now, what you have then, after, for example, a week, you have maybe 10 different things, then you go into a review phase. so you are going to review your projects, you're finding out how to update them, and then you go to the whole library. And like that, your projects are getting better, better, better, faster, faster, faster, so you can spit out a million of them. Anyway, the thing is, you should use your extra time to do extra things, to make everything more efficient, so you can do more and more yourself also. Like, you are not working anymore. I am begging them to forgive me. I have to do it like a bro. Yeah. Please, let me teach the BA on how to make all of these tickets with AI, because currently it's just a title. Yeah. Anyway, yeah. But how do you say? But improve your commitment. Improve everything, your whole cycle. Improve your work also. So your time that you need to spend is even getting less, less, less, less, less, less. And it's really, you're not doing anything anymore. Yeah. But that is how you should do it, and that's how you're doing it. Great. Now, when you talk this to management, what they are thinking is... We don't have management. It's both. I know, but if you have the story, and you talk to management, you explain how much more efficient people can be, and blah, blah, blah. Then they're thinking, ah, now I can do with less people. Instead of what they should be doing is, hey, now tell me I have the people to do all the things I wanted to do before and couldn't but they're always thinking the other way around definitely but I want to also if I'm selling it to management I will be selling it to a person this is how you can use it so they understand a bit of how it is and then now imagine if you give this to your autistic people yeah because just for all of the fucking management shit it will be so helpful all of their document reductions all of their meetings organizations how do you say, there are so many opportunities you have in a company to do. But then you know, you're doing those things aside. Because, hey, you have so much time left over, because everything is running automatically anyway. Now, but management will be thinking always, it's from, oh, now I can do with less people. That is what they're always thinking, instead of using that opportunity to go ahead. However, what they are not knowing is, that the task that is the easiest to automate out, is upper management. So it's good to automate that part also. It's worth spending time on how can I automate upper management. And you put that whole story there from hey, now it's our time. We are the developers. We are in charge. I would prefer to sell it more on the side of having upper management because that makes him less scared? No, no. The thing is, they are going to, how do you say, you will have, you have that talk, and when you see them thinking, so hey, do you understand now that you can do how do you say, with less people? Yeah? And do you understand that that is the exactly wrong thing to do So you teach them because this is an opportunity If you are not taking it now other people will take over from you So you have to use this one as a same management not cost-reducting management, and use it as an opportunity. So it becomes an inspiring talk also for management. Can you talk now? But how do you say it? How do you say it? I think it can be used in other places, it will be used everywhere. The sooner companies start using it, the less likely they are to be obsolete. The thing is, it's not. I have been out there. I mean, there is, you hear a little bit here and there. People are not picking it up. Yes, exactly. My classmates that are young people... In the field that should know this. They are like, nah, AI is love. Nah, I cannot use it in my work because of this. Nah, I cannot use it for my project because I can't show you all the answers. And the thing is, you explain them once, and hey, then you will pick out the person that do understand, that will understand AI. That, hello! You have got a nice haircut or so. Yeah, I see your hair. It's like a mushroom. I'm waiting for winter to be over. It's like, I was like, I wanted to cut my hair a little bit earlier, and then, how do you say, the cold came, I didn't have time. And by the time the cold came, it's like, yeah, fuck it. I mean, now we'll sing it out till winter is over. Yeah. But, yeah. That is just me being... If you let it pass here, it's bearable. Yeah, well, I cannot stand here in my face. Me neither, that's why. But once you can just use the inches to take it like this. And once it's under here... You know that I had it like this, huh? You can once again? I think I've seen pictures. You can once again? Yeah, yeah, I know. Oh man, last time I was, because of brushing I was there and I had like a beard, like those old beard, but like that. And I'm like, maybe it's not a stupid idea to have that one, it's like a completely fucked up haircut. It's like, what the fuck? How do you say, all those things that I wanted to pass you. you how do you say let me show me a cloud also someday I know that they had to say there's something going on yeah the thing is I have to be also you know having time and everything to go I definitely need to sit down yeah exactly I say the third week I'm probably very busy because I want to catch up from you know last week whatever yeah yeah exactly you need to plan your in three weeks you're going yeah yeah so After Saskia's birthday. Which will be the next day. Yeah, Saskia's birthday is... 23rd of August or so. 21, 22, something like that. 31? Oh, I have this... Anyway, it doesn't matter. Are you going to Borough, but here we have some tobacco? Yeah, oh, yeah. Sorry. Yeah, I was offered Borough before I came here also. Yeah, you say, I mean, that's a good... I'm not... how do you say... Rastafarian, you know, you have to offer them vintage. It would be a sin if you don't. Let's say hi to the other people. Yes, do so. Yeah, I have classmates. They are not that much into AI. There is one that is my classmate from IPT. Sorry, what I want to say is, hey, you explain them once, and then it's up to them. If they are more interested, you are actually picking out with whom to work together. because those are the ones that you can use to explain it or whatever you cannot there's somebody that doesn't get AI explain AI you need to get it and it takes time to get to it together I would really recommend you give Emilia of course a cloud code how do you say the thing is I will talk with that one because I will be talking with Herbert also you know after he's also back on vacation so we will have probably a meeting this week. But I will tell them also from hey we should also take a look on cloud But the way better person but cursor uses cloud so that why I don get it Anyway it doesn matter I mean we had to say we we will figure it out how how those things work But how you say I'm waiting for cloud to support rules that is a little bit where I'm waiting for Nothing supports rules? No, it puts one big rule file. It doesn't have a structured array of rules like Cursor has. So that is what Cursor just has in favor. But it will be there. I mean, how do you say it? It's impossible that that will not be there. And maybe it is already there. I think you can say the memories. Yeah, but it's not how you want to work with those things. You have memories. Memories are different things. How do you say, there are different concepts, different things and it should be kept separate. That's what you're thinking about, because with cloud you can just set up your agents and then you give each agent their own big rule file. Yeah, but how do you say, but you still want some rules to be applied to us per file, you want to be slightly more intelligent than having a whole set for an agent. You want that agent to know which recipe and whatever to use at any moment and it's not there yet, but it will get there. will get there. I mean, I find it strange that it is not there yet. And maybe you should just ask from, hey, why is this not here yet in cloud? I think that if you just try it, you will also be impressed. How do you say, I'm already impressed with what Cursor does. Everything that does even better, I will be even impressed more. The thing is, is the tool that I have now with cursor is already how to say is not good enough is is like how to say sorry the cursor AI is almost there yeah so it's very good it's very productive and if it would be better I would be even more productive with it the thing is is I'm getting now so fast I mean I'm flying and they are standing there I mean I'm teaching them from hey go Emilio he's taking he's using it he's but he's using the cursory IEA one it's all no problem it is because of company rules which I will talk with but the thing is we have like dotnet platform I don't know how it still works on the file and it's just I need to try it because for me it's more like an online thing but maybe it does work with with with she shovel because that's important for us how do you say if you're making a new product I do think also it will have enough information and they gathered already on how to use it. Exactly, but I don't know, but it's just a matter of trying. The thing is, currently we are just not cursory. What did you want to do with your .NET or that is online that you're saying? My .NET is online? Something online you said that you were not sure if it would work. No, no, the thing is, it's like Firebase is an online platform. you don't have it installed on your computer and cloud is no cloud is local i'm pretty sure that those you can also request the apis information that you would usually see in the user interface and if you want to use it to a user interface cursor cloud runs every playwright i i how do you say i know so how do you say the thing is this it's just me i like on my machine my codes because then I have it on my machine I have also all the tooling around it that I can be using if it is there all the other tools that I'm using I cannot use it that is my problem and maybe there is no problem I just need to I need to just say I don't know what you want is what is the information in that place and just make a tooling for to get information yeah yeah but the thing is Yes, exactly. But now I don't have that extra step. So why would I go for something that introduces an extra step that I now don't have? How do you say? Maybe I should just use it. That is just it. I didn't use it. How do you say? I didn't use it yet. But it's on my list from all the things to watch. I have so much to watch I will definitely prioritize it more Sorry I will definitely bump it up a bit How do you say it on my list and maybe Herbert already tried it And how do you say, I just need to figure out how does cloud code work together with .NET application. And if that one works okay, how do you say, because what I do is I run the application code already in C Sharp. I'm not running the, how do you say, I do the editing with the AI, but I don't do the running with the AI. And even though it can, and it does, because if I say, hey, check for unit test, it compiles and runs all the unit tests, and it does work. So, you know, there is, how do you say, it can do probably a lot more, but I'm not doing. Cloud thinks it can do this. Yeah. How do you say, there's not a problem. Oh, I like also from Kilian. From, hey, now explain to mom what we did. Hey, AI, can you recap this conversation? We made on the trip, because we were there, AI, we were figuring out how was the Latin American independence movement, how was that related to the Napoleon time? Was there active instigations or was it more a consequence? It looks to be more like a consequence, but there were revolutionaries talking with each other. They were inspiring each other, but not really like underground spy working, really infiltrating, etc. They didn't do, which if I would run a country, I would definitely do. Which is also all recent wars, those things have happened. I mean, the Germans were putting Lenin, for example, in, how do you say, Marx into Russia and whatsoever, you know, to create revolts and whatsoever. That was in the First World War. In the Second World War, they were putting the Irish against the English and the Mexicans against Americans by supplying weapons. The Americans have done it in Morocco by supplying weapons from the independence fighters against the French. you know, because they wanted the French to give up their colonies there's a lot of, how do you say currently known spycraft that happened in those times, and I'm pretty sure they happened before also I mean it not happening is like insane and I don't think they were that stupid it's like, you know, funny to think of it and we then, how do you say we got a better understanding of whole history of Latin America that probably in the two hours that we were chatting with AI then Kiri and got maybe in their whole career in IPT or at least a whole year of IPT. You learned nothing in Paraguay. No no but that's what I'm telling you it's like just AI you know that is the effect of AI if you want to know and you really want to know it has all the answers. whenever the ring maybe drops by we forget yeah i always show her kid look you can just say for all of your school homework yeah well and your teacher is not nagging you should you should show it her on the phone so let her use it on the phone that is what it was yeah and you did did she now use it already i don't think so you should ask her and hey i haven't seen her that often no no but just next time when you see it just just ask i mean uh because i'm pushing also a little bit, you know, from, hey, I will ask her, from, hey, did you use AI, even show to AI, did you use it already? And then I will, from, hey, try, you know, make something, show me what you, how to say, what you can do. Yeah, but I will push a little bit more. But how do you say, and then what we did on the way back, because it's a long trip, I said, from, hey, give me from 10 stories about, from this region, and create me the whole story, because I have long bus ride you know a long long story idea was that it would read it but how do you say too noisy and whatever i couldn't link my headphones and how do you say then you how do you say plus include the youtube videos so i have from each of those i have like 10 stories also from budge cassidy and whatever what really happened uh chigavara what well you know how they got captured in that region. And Che Guevara, what happened, how do you say, the Bill Cassidy and the Sundance Kids, maybe you know that one, that they ran out