 Hello, this is Jenny and I am joined by Scrooge and David. Hello everybody, I'm Scrooge. I'm a specialist in data science AI, ML, and data engineering. I work with most of the biopharma companies in the US and help them in their AI journey. So happy to be here and hope you like to talk to us. Thank you. So, people are still struggling and like, let's get started. So, why are you in this session? Either you are afforded by life sciences and care reasons, or you are here because you want another new technology, or how does integration between data and data risk works? Because NMEA is all about GPUs, we sell hardware, and what is that software integration? So you are probably curious in one view or the other. So, today's topic is about BioMemo. BioMemo is one of our NMEA software's domain specific purpose build for the best end-to-end pipeline that you can build. So let's say a drug discovery use case, if you are getting into life sciences and you are trying to do drug discovery using chemical sequences, or doing molecular analysis, whatever it be, you are not using any of these AI stack to go do that. You are already making a game, so you want to get started with that. And if you are a typical scientist and you are working for a data scientist, if you are a data scientist and you are working in a pharma or a research based organization, and you want to help your scientists accelerate their research or experiments, if they have their own data, I don't know how this fine tuning works, I don't know how to hold this protein. I have my own methods, but how do I successfully do it? I don't talk to my students. I have no idea. How do I do a monitor using your own proprietary data? You don't want to be sending data out, find your own data. And then your data is all sitting in one place, you don't want to take it anywhere outside, but you want to bring the workload, which is nothing but the bio-name or framework you talk about, to your data. You don't want to bring the workload to the data and work your talking work. Then you want to protect your, after you are done with your experiment and then make sure your analysis is set, you want to go and protect it, you want to go on it, and you want to deploy it in the most successful and highly optimized manner. How are you going to do that? And then whether you like it or not, this framework or any of these high-end large-scale deployments require GPUs. GPUs are in the front and center of these large-scale AI requirements. So when we talk about AI, the synonymous is that GPUs are the hardware that we need to be using. So are you ready to go and use the Amnesty at least and then go and play with it? Or do you want experts like us to guide you through the process so that you are not wasting money on these GPUs? And you want to get the best performance for your workload and you want to make sure that you are getting the successful experiment done on time so that you can do your project. So, what are some of the challenges you typically face in an organization and enterprise setup? So, we are here with all of our colleagues and we are in a Databricks Summit. So we are going to keep this conversation around how Bionemo integrates with Databricks and how you can actually leverage your data setting in Databricks and then go and use Bionemo, the power of Bionemo, to help you. Right? Let's get started. So, like you said, all these different sequences, the protein sequences, the chemical sequences, and all these different analysis that you are doing as a research scientist, it can be multi-folded and accelerated with the power of the AI. And like I said in the beginning of my talk, if you are not doing that, you are missing out, you need to explore that. What is Bionemo? Where does Bionemo fit in? Did we invent these models? No. These are all open source models. These are all publications that came out in my paper at one point. And they were foundation models built by many research scientists and then out there. And then where NVIDIA came is we are our own research scientists who are looking for these kinds of opportunities. And then we took those models and tried to give the essence in a more optimized and performant way so that you can get the best out of the infrastructure you are throwing out these problems. Right? So the whole idea is to keep evolving. Evolving is one strategy. At the same time, you want to make sure your solutions are the end-to-end pipeline you are building is sustainable. And if you are not able to sustain, you will not be able to scale faster. You will not be able to meet all your SLAs in terms of how fast you can fold a protein, how fast can I do an RNA or DNA analysis. So these are things that you want to do in an act where you try. So on the left hand side, what you are looking at is how you build and customize and make sure your training or fine tuning exercise can happen so that you have a framework that will take care of most of the heavy lifting. And we say heavy lifting because you don't need to worry about, hey, how am I going to make sure that this works the best on the TPU? And you don't need to worry about, hey, is it giving me the results that I am looking for? Those kind of things. And then finally, we have our own deployment strategy. I am not going to stress too much about the right side of things, which is the bionemo. We have our own deployment for others. We have bionemo and then you can get all of this right out there. But here we are talking about making sure, like, how are we going to get the same experience? And then deploying it on data breaks, data arrays, and you are able to fine tune, you are able to do inference and then create an API endpoint and then make sure you get an end-to-end pipeline. So long story short, why bionemo? So if you are still foggy in your mind, why bionemo? Like, there is an original implementation that is done by scientists and kudos to them for bringing such a great model for the market. But bionemo implementation is targeted towards enterprises. Making sure your enterprise is, I mean, you check the boxes of how it has to be successfully deployed in your organization. We give you all pre-processing and all built-in features, which is generally unavailable and we have to do a discussion of how you process your data and then make it introduce your fine tuning or you bring it to your training module or your inference base. And finally, you have a lot of validation and the bionemo, which is, these are the bells and whistles you need for your anytime deployment or your training or fine tuning or even for the inference. And then last, oh, one is the underlying theme behind it, like, if it's built for an enterprise, the enterprise is not going to go and deploy something that doesn't have a support, extended support. So your organization will come back and say, hey, you're putting this in production. Do we have a way to get back to the media and ask, okay, what if this fails? Like, I need support to fix this. So that's where the licensing and the AI licensing comes into play. Like I said, we have a lot of work. This is really to kind of tap, like, I want to get you to read, like, what are the models that are available? This is the model that you're doing a protein code, DNA analysis, all of these models are in embedding. All of these are available on the binding of the framework, which is completely free to use. You take that container, you can deploy it the way you want, like, in your own GPUs and then you can start doing fine tuning or anything else. The left-hand side is completely managed by NVIDIA. So we deploy and we give you a creative way to get a real-world image model. Today, our talk is about the right-hand side of things. We take the binding of the framework. How are you going to go and deploy it into database work? So a little bit about the performance. We talked about performance. Why is it better than you deploying it yourself? So these are the stats we want to share, like, where the throughput is increased while you're training a model. And then for inference, we have seen a lot of differences between how much time it takes to get inference. Because you can train a model, but most of the cost, if you see at a TCO point of view, inference is the one that will be the biggest find the cake. So you see it's optimized for inference as well. And then these are some of the stats that you want to look at. Why buy a new model? Because you will not complain about this while you're building. But eventually when you're talking about TCO, you think, hey, I need a more optimized solution to go not worry about it. So what are the workloads? Right? So we're talking about starting from training a model, from taking the foundation model, you can continuously continue to train, and using a foundation model that is available to the framework, binding of the framework. You can also do a fine tuning exercise. Fine tuning comes in three different places. How does the pattern of the patient fine tuning, like, then you can actually see the down-to-plane operation. And then we've got the LoRa adapters. This is because if you have a specific task, you want to train for different tasks, and then you want to leverage each adapter for different reasons. You can actually build multiple adapters and then use it for different use cases. So this is something that NVIDIA binding framework already comes with the package. And then we also have a standard fine tuning. So standard fine tuning is that you take a model, use the data from the database, sitting in a volume, and go feed it into your fine tuning exercise. You get a checkpoint, take that weight, save it somewhere, and then bring that weight, and then go use support. That's interesting. Some of the examples, and it's out there, it's an open source model, like I said. There's a notebook out there that already talks about this. You have different methods, like sequence level classification or regression model, or you can do a token level classification. There are use cases. We have multiple examples, like how it works in design, how it can be leveraged. You can pick and choose what you're going to achieve based on the use case. But the whole story is like you have a framework which is completely authorized, and then you have a pre-packaged notebook that will tell you how to process your data, how to fine tune your data, how to fine tune on your data, and then finally deploy it to your production. I don't know if I'm going too fast, but I'm going to go to the database. All right. So why database? Because database is awesome. But honestly, database gives you all the nuts and bolts so that you can focus on your job. As a research scientist, you don't want to be merging with GPU setup and CUDA libraries and other library mismatches and security. What you do is extremely important. You want a platform to take care of that security. So database gives you all these different components that take care of most of this data, and then you can focus on the job that you do. So you really get a lot of things that are end-to-end governance, linear tracking, access control, and everything, all the assets in the lake house. Now, if your data is already in lake house, and most of this data is in telebrates, you don't want to be moving it around and then for every experiment, copy it down to your local workspace and run from there, you would want to use the data in place where it is. You can directly use the data, share the data with your team so that it's not like moving around. You're just using the data from here, but the entire management of that is taken care of where you think it is. Databricks has this cool feature where we have the managed MLflow backend. So if you are doing data science and ML development in Databricks, your experiment tracking, your end-to-end model management, everything is taken care of by the MLflow backend. And you can use that so that when you're doing hundreds of experiments throughout the day, you're not labeling things, downloading stuff, and they test one, two, three, and test AAA, and test ABC, and stuff like that. You are tracking it automatically in a formal way, and all the results are available to you in the managed MLflow backend. The compute in Databricks, you can bring a very compute you want, like GPU, GPU, whichever runtime you want. The runtime is basically a compilation of curated libraries that we know works well, so you are not like, you are struggling with library management. One of the cool features in Databricks compute is that if you have a Docker image, you can take the Docker image and bring up a Databricks compute using that Docker image. And that's what we have been leveraging here, because all the beautiful stuff that NVIDIA has done, they have given us a Docker image, and we take the Docker image, put some pixie dust on it so that it works well in Databricks, and then bring up that compute. And when you attach a notebook to that, you have entire bioremov packages available to you to work with. So it's easy. And what else? Yeah. Yeah, the cloud agnostic, but as Databricks is in Azure, Databricks in GCP, to a great extent, what you do in Databricks is cloud agnostic, then you don't have to do it for everything you can do in a database. You know Spark can scale it. So when you are doing an experiment, you like an experiment, you like the result from it, now you can scale it in a database of data through Spark, right? So here, for this demo, I'll be doing a demo. In this demo, we'll be taking, using these features, we'll be using Unity GapDoc, we'll be using MLflow for experiment tracking, and we'll be using a GPU compute in the Docker container that NVIDIA has given us, and then we'll be also scheduling a workflow for a batch of based on the fine tuning that we do. Let's get into the demo. So like today what we are going to see is like we are going to take an ESM2 model that's part of the BioLimo package, put a regression head on it, fine tune the regression head from some open data, track that experiment in MLflow. So the data is in Unity GapDoc volumes. So how many people use volumes? Like, you know what's volume? Okay, cool. So like basically all the unstructured data we are tracking in the volume. So we take that data, fine tune the model, and since data brings clusters of ephemeral, once the fine tuning is done, we are taking the weights and storing it back into volumes again, and then we'll use that weights for further inference. Okay? So let's bring that up. Hope you can see my screen. All right. So let's go to the beginning, right? So we start with the container that NVIDIA has given us, right? It tells us to buy the BioLimo packages, and that's the first line. For us, everything is the big series type of thing. It's just a set of libraries that we install on top of it so that it works well with the database. It's just a few layers of libraries. So once you do that, and then you build the container, right? So once you build that image, you can put it into any container service, container repository. Here I'm using a Docker Hub. And then once that image is built in the Docker Hub, you can bring in the Databricks cluster with whichever hardware you want. Here I'm using an A10 GPU hardware. It's an Azure. So I'm using that and using the image that was given by NVIDIA and the image that we built, we are bringing up that cluster, right? So what that means is, since the cluster is up and running, you have the entire Databricks runtime deployed on top of the BioLimo image, right? You can attach a notebook to it, and you have the Databricks runtime machine learning libraries, and the BioLimo, I can just, you can start accessing right away. Right? So it's a notebook. So let's see how to do the fine tuning. So you see I have attached a notebook to the BioLimo cluster. So all the BioLimo packages are ready to go. So you can see here, I'm setting up some variables. My data is in Word. I'm using a public E-Cory data set. Here are some protein sequences. I think they were trying to find out the enzyme's bent and stuff, but that's not important here. We are using that data set and putting a regression head on top of the ESM2 model and going fine. So I split this data set into like three sets, like one to eight, validation, and a test. And that's available in the wallets. Then we have some parameters that are normally required. One is the regression head. So I can control the regression error size and the dropout. I can play around with it and figure out a better one. So the first step is to copy all the data from the volume to the local cluster. Right? Now, Databricks is working with NVIDIA on this for the past couple of months. But as the integration gets better, we are looking at much more better integration patterns. So right now, the integration requires that the data copied all locally and then done the inference locally. So we are copying the data locally to the cluster. And then the first thing you do if you are using Databricks for data science and ML, you know that the first thing you do is you start an experiment. So once you start an experiment, you can track all your runs in that experiment. And what do you mean by that? So when you look at this experiment, what you do is you change some parameters, you run it, look at the metrics and see if you're happy with it. And if you're not happy with it, you change the parameters again and run it again. Right? And for a data scientist, it's a day-to-day job. Like you run hundreds and hundreds of times. And what happens is after some point in time, you think, oh my God, I had a better result than this yesterday. What did I do? And I don't know what I did. Right? But when you are tracking these things in MLflow, it records everything. Right? And then in the UI, you can come search for the run that was the best result. Look for the parameters that you log. Then you know, yeah, this was the parameter I used. I'm going to use that for a few seconds. Right? So I start an experiment. I start logging the parameters. These are all the parameters I supplied. I log the parameters. And then I pick up the fine-tuning run. So right now the fine-tuning run is picked up by a shell script. It's part of the BioNemo package. And this package takes the data and the parameters that came in and starts the fine-tuning run. So if you see here, one of the arguments that we pass in is create TensorBoardDrawable. What that means is as the fine-tuning run is progressing, it picks out TensorBoard events. Like what that means is the metrics, like how the loss is progressing, how it's evaluated, all those kind of things, are being sent out into the TensorBoardDrawable. Right? And once the fine-tuning run is complete, you can use that TensorBoardDrawable, read the TensorBoardDrawable, and send all that metrics into MLflow, into the same run. What's important is that you are paying for GPUs, that you can see. You want to make sure the GPUs are where you play. So not only you need the model metrics, you also need the system metrics to make sure your GPU play session is right, or like it's not choking somewhere, and stuff like that. Right? So for that, MLflow has some integration with some libraries. So if you have noticed in the beginning, we are installing two libraries here. This helps MLflow, the underlying MLflow libraries automatically achieve the system metrics and send it to MLflow as well. So we are doing all this wiring so that we have the entire 360-degree view of the fine-tuning run once the run is complete. So once the run is complete, the fine-tuned weights of the model is actually available locally. Right? You want to make sure those weights are good. So what you do, you type the test dataset and run an inference. Right? Make sure it's good, it's working effectively. And then using the results, now you can see the test dataset is already in the thoughts. So you can see the labels. And then once you have the protein sequence, the predictions, and the labels, now you can run MLflow Evaluate to see the metrics of the model. Right? How the model is actually performing after the fine-tuning is done. So MLflow Evaluate is the backbone of any kind of model evaluation database. So it can be used for regression classification, agents, and what not. So here we are running a regression type evaluation and capturing those metrics as well internally. So this is the model. So this is the model. So here we are running a regression type evaluation and capturing those metrics as well internally. And finally, we go to the fine-tuned weights. How we got our model is because the database clusters are open-ended. So once the class space stops, we still want the weights to be there in the model. Right? So that's the fine-tuning run. So now once the fine-tuning run is complete, what we can do is we can go look at the experiments. Right? So I have this experiment. So you can see I ran it three times. It is back. And then I can look at every single experiment run and see what are the parameters I used. What was the system metrics? What are the model metrics? So how the model was performing? How the laws were progressing? And then you can also look at the system metrics and see how the GPU was being used. How the macro was being used. How the CPU was being used. So that I can adjust my parameters like that. So I can compare that from the best optimal GPU utilization. So all these things are being captured in that experiment right now. All right. So we have completed fine-tuning. We are so happy that we have good fine-tuned weights. Now we want to use that for inference. Right? Because if you don't use it, what good is that? Now when you do fine-tuning, you see you are using a smaller set of data running multiple experiments over a period of time. But then when it comes to batch inference, generally what we see is it's not a very big data set. Right? And then mostly it's not run so frequently. Maybe once in a day, once in a week, or so on and so forth. Right? So you want something that can scale, but that can be automatically scheduled. Right? And we use database workflows for that. So how do we do that? So let's say... Let's create the inference notebook. Right? So this notebook is different from the previous notebook. Right? This is a parameterized notebook. You can actually pass in parameters and then use those parameters to find where the weights are, what kind of models you want to use. So today ESM2, by the way, you see two variables. Like 1,650,000,000 parameter model and 3,000,000,000 parameter model. And you can see, you can choose which model you want to use. And where the data is coming from, that's where the location of the data is. And then what you can then do is, you can create a database workflow job with that notebook in here. Right? So what we're doing is we're creating the workflow using the cluster configuration that we used before. So you see here, the cluster we are going to use has the same setup as we had before. So it uses the same container, and so all the dynamic factors are available for it. And then it uses the same model for inference. Except the weights are now coming from the volume. Right? So in the inference notebook, what we're doing is we are copying the weights over. We are copying the data and the weights over roughly. Right? And then running the inference workload on the data that is being copied. Right? And then the results are being copied back into another one. Right? Now, since it's a workflow, you can now schedule it for nightly jobs or weekly jobs. Or it can be figured out when the file arrives on the location and so on and so forth. Okay. So, so yeah, so that kind of concludes the demo. Let's go back. So let's kind of recap what we did. Right? So what we did was we took the image that was given by NVIDIA team, the bio demo nightly build. We took that image, put that fixie in it, whatever we did, and we had a new image that worked with database, put it in the container report. And then using that image, we brought up an internet cluster where we attached a notebook and did the fine tuning runs. We copied that weights from the fine tuning run into the volume. And then we set up a batch of using those fine tuned weights that can run like in your schedule, whatever you want, on a batch cluster, a job cluster. Right? So as I told you before, this integration is here working together continuously to improve this integration way better. This is just a start. Right? We will be making it much more easier for you, much more scalable and much more efficient as we move forward. And we are also trying to build up a user interface so that you are not like kind of like as a research center, you don't have to worry about the workflow and the deployment of the models and all those kind of things. So what I'm trying to say is that nice things are happening. Stay tuned. It's going to get better as we move. Right? And do you want to add something? Yeah. So thanks for the great demo. So one thing I want to make sure like you take away is like you see the base. So that means we are pushing a big fixes or adding new models. So I think we may have to show like the download that happens in the notebook. But there's actually a line, there's a cell in that notebook which kind of downloads the model to your local folder. And then that's the model you're using for your point-tuning. So if you are adding a model, you'll be able to download it in that notebook. So the whole idea is like the binary one, I think, is where all the action is happening. Like when new stuff gets added. And this is the line that Karnataka brings up. It's just one line that you don't need anymore on the binary notebook. And you're able to download it locally. Now it's all on Databricks. Right? So once you're able to do it. And if you see the background of this whole cluster, it's that image that we built combining the NVIDIA and Databricks forces together. So this is the section where the container is fully customized for deploying Bionimo on Databricks. So I just want to make that point. And then if you go back between framework and package, you're consciously not going to want to call it package. Because I think Databricks would love to have a package like a PIP installable or a Humba installable. But right now the setup that we have, I mean, I think our best practice for a while is to hand-dorm and deliver a Dockerized container. It's not like we have not done this. But right now, those are the integration patterns that we just can. Any questions? Any questions? I don't know. You want to head out? Yeah. From what I heard at least, the idea is that they do cut it.