METADATA: Provider=Local, Model=medium
FILE: audios_john/february-18th/WhatsApp Audio 2026-02-18 at 7.50.02 PM (1).ogg
----------------------------------------
 Talk with Tony. This whole script, this everything worked out. We're gonna pass Tony. Tony, what do you think about this? Yes, then use him to make a movie. I have also his script from his movie that he passed me a while ago, but because I'm not in movie making isn't my priority Anyway, talk with your artist. We need to have an AI artist. We need it anyway But you know, you know all the states fixing together making a real storyline So you how do you say that you that that can be a really a movie and people will be amazed It will blow their minds You tell me any Any company that has a better origin story? Tell me I Don't know enough about the other mysteries of companies. So but yeah, I don't think It looks like the oil is pretty good Yes, an origin story yeah tells how the company started And this you know is a very how do you say Archie? How do you call that movie? Dragon style And You can make a how do you say you can have that thing? You can make it as a real good story an online story You can use that as you know as I how do you say you how do you say you have? If you have some documents that whatever that you sent to a client you can have that as an in-between storyline It's amazing. I mean no company does that But you know when people see that they're gonna like It is good because When did you ever get a contract or a document sent to you? Well, that was interlaced with a nice story I Say no, how do you say this inspiration this what we were just telling you know about the Leviathan Leviathan turtle waking up Can you give up now? I am recording from whatsapp. Can you give a bit of this whole thing again? So it's trucking the audio the story Yeah, the story that you have there you see a person. Yeah Throwing in a line to fish and there's like a little fish, you know dabbling around when you're fishing with Then some sharks appear and you know, there's like a school of fish and they catch a fish So you have like a you know bloody feeding frenzy Yes, that are the sharks the sharks that are out there But then you know you see a big eye opening And how do you say the whole movie the whole movement is described in that script. Yes. Yeah, and then at once you see just like a How do you say a big from a snapping turtle? They are Talking strong like just biting one of those shark and just hot in house Yeah, so So How do you say and then comes out and you see how do you see you see the island and you see slowly You see the island, you know starting to move and you see a wizard power on top of that islands And then assumes back to the to the person that is fishing there and then you say hey, this is me Yes, I'm fishing That is that whole part that is a shocking hoods how to say a movie Where did you have any a movie with such, you know such a meaning in it And You know, you have a sales pitch and you have that in the background or you have this a leading between the story Whatever you're telling, you know, you have a shot and you cause You know and then you have a story blah blah blah and then you know the movie continues and then another person from the company takes the Word and you know keeps talking. I mean you You captured audience like that And only will know how to make it how to movie effected exactly how it should be done He will he will teach the taste to the RC person that you Yes That and this whole story that I just told you that is the origin story of the company You Know we have been to wizard school we have learned magic we can teach you magic We're gonna make your wish come true Make I mean Do you get that story line, you know the origin story which I mean we're gonna now look Which are the other Towers that are lighting up because now you how do you say in the darkness? You see how do you say companies that start getting it? You see now companies that as I say you can have a big company with a small team But that's all big company is more a train then a tool to them Most of the time they are very bureaucratic But if they wake up they can be very very big But what you also see is already Like teams from companies 10 20 at most and They are spinning out products in the market markets They are between or behind all the companies it's like They are probably hiding it a little bit that they are in one company But you you see steam starting up like that But not that many at least I didn't hear that many of them They're all betting most of time on a single person doing that. But if you have the right team There how do you say? most of the people that do this They are new they don't know how to say most of the people that are doing this are autistic Persons that are getting it on one side what they are missing and some of them probably have is The inside that I have in the How how you make coach? Now we learn it okay now with you how can we make those very efficiently Yeah, and then How do you say all those things that you wanted to do in the past that you couldn't do because you didn't have the capabilities There is nothing now. That is just a line of okay. I want this And everything goes out the matter But This whole story that you're now recorded Which company has that? No, if you find them They are on our exact same level and then it's okay. What's gonna do do we say? Hi You're getting it yeah I Will prepare also a message to send to my RC friend with the details I have recording of the last eight minutes if there are any specific particular details you want to add feel free to add them Yeah, how do you say Put this on put this on paper work it out. Yes We told if you're RC friends, I mean this is gonna be amazing. Yeah Strap in I don't think I was sick today until night again because I woke up at 12 But nice way to end the day today I just go to okay villa eat Korean and then crash at home Don't feel too much pressure Let's show how fast you can go. I mean this is this is now your learning session Okay Yeah I Please yes master, not sure what you what other thing you might have mentioned I'm not sure Students yeah, mm-hmm was to become a master. He has to make a masterpiece Yes Yeah, that is in ancient A Shield do you know what the heal this guilt? Guilty I in the in the past they had girls and you had the specific girls That were the how you say they didn't want a son to learn in their own house They were always learning from somebody else Because otherwise you would how do you say you didn't learn well It's better to learn from somebody else than from family. Yeah figured it out long time ago So there is like a brotherhood between people like stone makers and you know to teach each other To pass the tradition alone Mm-hmm and same in warfare you had been the gilson in warfare No How do you say you could become a master in that guilt is then but then you have to make a masterpiece and you had Several judges Depending on the building was never and you would present your masterpiece that they would say yes. This is a masterpiece You were a master Mm-hmm. Yeah Now Solstine will be your masterpiece. I Would really consider it all of ours Sorry, I would really just consider it all of ours masterpiece not just mine Yeah, yeah, but our companies, but you know I gave you the inspiration They say hey make this you're gonna show how do you say I gave you the plan? Yeah I'm the teacher. Mm-hmm. I'm gonna say I'm giving you the plan. Do it like that. I will not do the execution I have you know showed you here. It's the plan Go If you're gonna make a masterpiece Yeah And we curious masterpiece because we will be marketing it we will be presenting it Yeah, you know, it's like a group masterpiece. It is a masterpiece. I Mean this origin story Is more than gold This is moving material Really and you can tell it in a science ancient session I have like several of those story lines in in sort of but you know, sort of doesn't make it nice Yeah, and you can just incorporate You know You can make episodes, you know things that they the next time that you're there. Yeah, you have an older story to tell you It's like, you know the campfire talk How you say you're not selling a product you're selling a story Yeah Yeah, and that will capture people I Mean this is market material goals You know how crazy this is Really crazy You should tell mom about this tomorrow tell tell mom this story Tell it to your sisters. I Tend to morta stories once they are really is done Rather than before Tell you know what I was telling you know this Tell that tomorrow as you know at the Korean tell this to your mother. That will be the best gift ever for I think the best gift ever for her will be asked with a million euros Sorry, I think the best gift ever for Sonia is asked with a million euros Yeah This is a soul is not a soul side but it's just so I Hope you reported everything the last 15 minutes I have recorded Yeah Save it Work it up in three times put your RC guy You know, it's fine. Yeah, we message her after our meeting or after this call Tell tomorrow tell tomorrow really She will be amazed Okay, proceed to prepare something for Sonia also I Looks like the oil is this is crazy. Yeah If it's I have no issues with having a good bread with you good oil Six screens with a ice running and I was just giving it ideas Yeah I Okay, now we will get working on this and make a male make a message for my art friend What are you when Have a great night and enjoy the the oil have a great night and enjoy the oil No, I'm saying because I'm pretty sure that if you ate the bread it will last for a while Okay That is a say that is because it's also by the way Then there is a saying running on all four cylinders Do you know that one or not? Nope, I Run I run on out to It's something with the gasoline And running on for how you say on four engines was like hey you're running on max Yeah As it what what more I can now improve and make it more complete and detailed It's still recording What we are doing now We're putting the playbook how to convert any company from Likely failing like a like a slight sleeping turtle to one where we plan a staff You know Start the new how do you say start a new wizard wake it up, you know from there you have you know AI starts into that the turtle brain How you say Wakes it up and then it cracks, you know, like an engine is starts, you know An engine that was stuck and it starts super powering it Because that is what we're doing We are making the manual to do that now find X amount of failing companies here You have your pitch can we land our stuff here? And how many million is that worth to you? We have staffs for sure Yes Your master piece is that factory of how do you say of? How do you say the factory of? Company like that, you know the magic staffs and people can't buy from you magic staffs Because you have a factory of magic sauce Factory magic sauce This is insane, let's make everyone gandalf Send this to Tony get it. I mean get them involved get them his opinion I'll say to prepare it for my friend and also sent Tony a quick view of our Friends Yeah, you guys don't know you will die too yes I'll prepare this. Thank you so much Yes Which company Has this recorded which tell me I get none We could be the first one yeah You understand I think so It is I Blow yeah Have fun Hey, I will be getting the soul stone to work make it nice make a good website to make it output good Google sheets for people Test it a bit Start this story is called Yeah, really this one is both this story We'll see if we have to update our logos We will have to update our logos from a brain to a magic gem Yeah You know Make it a story, you know It's fun it is I will get her to do some cool things Oh My wife have a great night