 I assume we were recording like always. Sorry? I assume we were always recording. I, I, how do you say, that is one of those things I want to get working as soon as possible because now I have already my conversations with AI and all my workload goes through AI as soon as possible. So I have all my work locked. Then I only have to lock my voice still. How much would you pay for a human AI assistant? What? Oh, it's coming. It's coming. First I'm gonna make the Disney after the Nvidia. No, I was joking. Like to just have an assistant to get you all of your random stuff for AI shit that you don't have time to go after. Like getting microphones for each room of the house. The thing is, I'm now... I just say, the thing is that I'm gonna automate shit out of things and what so ever. I don't know where we are in two years. No. The thing is, if things work out, things are going to get crazy. And the crazier they get, the better it is. So you want microphones for Christmas? Sorry, microphones for Christmas? I have already those AI ones. I need to program them still. I have voice... I mean, if you want to play with them, be my guest. I have them. I don't have the time yet going after it and I will not have the time the coming three months. I know that already. So, yeah, I have them and I will work on with them when I have time. And by that time I want to see, I want to have it working to know which one I want to buy. But likely it's going to be that one for in the house. And then I will buy ten or whatever, I will get you one or whatever. Don't worry about that one. No, the thing is that you want to make, how do you say, a persona, what I was telling you. You can create personas and you have like a core set of rules and based on that core set of rules is like you have your models and you have your core set of rules and together with that one you have your persona. Your persona is like specific representations that does something specific for you in that folder. It's like a standard way of working or whatever. So you can use one persona for planning, another persona for the crunch work, another persona for the testing functionality whatsoever. So you can start using those personas to for example enable and disable certain MCP servers that one would use and one wouldn't use. It's also easier for security and whatsoever. And you could make tasks for specific personas also. So you can use different voices and you think also when you're talking with different personas in a different way. So giving them giving them a name, giving them a persona, giving them maybe a different voice, at this moment not yet configured, but I hope I have done that in the coming two months. Then you even have different voices where you're talking to, or you give instructions to different persona And you going to mind your conversations so it will filter out you know things that I all already thinking of you have multiple jarvis with different names yeah and you do that because they have different functionalities you don't want you want rather have specialists than one that does everything the one that does everything is the default configuration but you can put some specialists in it and how do you say this maybe you know for coding or whatever for the common the common how do you call that the common folder project or whatsoever is completely unnecessary but you could have for example a teacher and an examiner or whatsoever, different roles different ways of interacting You can put it that way. You start seeing the mindset. No, I also thought it was going to happen. Everybody will have their own AI assistant for this different thing. How do you say you will get... It's rules, rules, rules, rules, everything is in the rules. And the nice thing is you're in charge of your own rules. The common sense, that's the AI model. That's the common sense. That is, hey, you can read rules, you can follow rules. But the thing is, you have to have really... Because I'm learning how to make them. It's like, how do you say, in the military, they have ways of instructing people. It's like you tell them, you let them repeat what you told them so you can check if they understood what you told them. You plan, you start breaking it down, executing, you verify each step and on the end you check still from, hey, this is the end result, what is initially requested. So you do a final validation. there are ways in clear and consistent communication that they teach in the military and in high end business they are teaching those things that is what they are using it's not, how do you say the way of communication, the checklist and what so ever it's not for nothing that pilots use them so why are we we are not using that, if you have the groceries from, ok did I type in the number check you know yeah that doesn't work because the cost of checking completely outweighs what you're doing but if the checking doesn't cost you a shit best practices on everything and then by the way you can stay this report and you see just check check check check check If you see your plant go, check, check, check, check, check. It's just going and you review every time. Because every time it makes a change, you accept, accept, accept. And like that your plant grows. I have to say it would be funny if you really could go through time I should have committed it like that And I could even play it back but no don do that How was Adelaide? Chilling at home. How was it in Adelaide today, your experience? For Adelaide it was really beautiful and he was shocked that the fucked up side this one there he found it really beautiful really nice oh so beautiful big buildings and everything and I was like haha yeah oh civilization I don't know for me the Netherlands was actually a preview no How do you say, Europe is, how do you say, has culture. America will never... Yeah, they laugh. They will never have taste. I mean, Hollywood is shitting in their pants. I need to go to training because we need to piss somewhere. Sorry, what? We need to go piss and there's like no fucking public toilets. Yeah. Because otherwise you get, how do you call that? Homeless. Like they're not there anyways. You rather have them pissed there instead of on your... Yeah, okay, so tell me, yeah. They did not let Ale be in any of their shops. So he was like, fuck, I'll be myself. How do people... What was the final solution? He tried to hold it until we went to another place that did let you, but it was like 30 minutes ago. Yeah. Well, he was debating whether to just go piss on the windows of the shops. Please, God. Yeah, the thing is, you know, sometimes your own society, your own home. Anyway, now is the time still to look around. No, it was funny. But, how do you say, don't limit yourself to Paraguay even. He went to that building. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, and by the way, the nice thing from this, you can do that so easy while stoned. Yeah. Oh man, I mean... The only thing is, I need to learn to commit, but I mean, that is one of those things to add. It's like you're busy and you get like 10 ideas while you're doing whatever you're doing, but now at least you're loving them, so it's... You're not forgetting them. Definitely making eyes is way more interesting than the engineering The thing is this is where the future is You work on it while you still doing the work Work on it, build up your profile, build up your company. And then it's time at some moment to switch. How do you say, yeah, how do you say, how do you say, I can only tell you from what you can do, but I mean run it against AI, if ideas, spitball ideas get familiar, I will show you how to do so and how do you say there are so many ways how to make money on this one but with AI how much can I ask you know how big a class is what about private lessons what about blah blah blah blah blah there are so many options but I will tell you which one there are and you know variation in your question do a deep research on that one what are other people doing what is the biggest trendsetter use AI to get you ahead how do you say, you're not the only one waking up but how do you say, a lot of people are not taking the initiative It's a trick that I a little bit learned is the five four three two one One thing you need to do is to do one and then you do it. That really works against procrastination. And they are also ordering your tasks. If you order some tasks, so you do some tasks you start on, there's a much higher chance you will finish them, because you started already with it. And it's to get you started, there are little tips and tricks, and by the way if you want to know them... If you want to know tips and tricks, ask Jan, he will tell you all of them. There are no secrets to it. If you have problems, sometimes this one can really be a distractor. If I am in the mood or whatsoever, I would say forget to smoke. Yeah, honestly I can't show you now the tools, but let me sort them out. I think there's rubber here. Sorry? Yeah, well, it was... I'm sorry, I was... We can take the back, you can take the bottom if you want. You can take the back down, you can take the bottom down if you want. I need to sleep as well. I'm high enough. Sorry, you're high enough? Yeah.