METADATA: Provider=Groq API, Model=whisper-large-v3
FILE: audios_john/february-18th/WhatsApp Audio 2026-02-18 at 7.50.03 PM (3).ogg
----------------------------------------
 is a song, 70s, 80s. Hello, is there anyone? It's in that era. It's a little bit science-fie, when you had Flash Gordon. Anyway, we're having an interdimensional report there I say even what so that jam is way too strong I'm okay but it's how you say it's better than how you say what I need at this moment I'm glad Kirian relaxed you for Sonia it's perfect I on purpose top quality from what I took off there I took one third yeah and that one third was already too much yeah anyway that should be like yeah one tenth that's okay anyway international travel um i was gonna say more um So what you now have is that you understand now that you know how the alchemy works, how to turn from lead to gold. You now know that we have access to those channels that make those things. Who are your competitors? How fast can you want to move? How fast do you want to move? How are you going to approach things? Blah blah blah. All those things are at some moment starting to become important. But it's funny, you know, it's like a movie. It like yeah that how it going to happen Okay this this and this How do you say in the past those things were not possible and now it becoming easier and easier and easier the people the people will market them the clients will market us themselves yeah yeah the thing is if you have i would say you have to know how to do those things with companies but now you have access to the companies the the the the people in charge of all those companies so that they can decide even they will not how do you say apply it to all of their companies they will take selective moves but you're the one delivering those staff you're delivering the recipe How do you say sit on it is so fun yeah but then make sure you have the google sorry for a bit of context for you uh right now what i'm doing is in one tab i'm doing this c sharp conversion in the other one i'm adding also the two files that you passed me the ci cd and cursor and in the other one now i'm passing this audio, some scribing and I'm just gonna make a good story or prepare something and a few more things like that and then pass it to 11Labs. Yeah and look what Jan had over us for a moment. How do you say, you know, should have like, you know, have a meeting all together with, I think you guys together, I mean I have things to do. Yeah. It's fun. Yeah, it just makes you know that you have like a dumb phone or whatever, which can always record or so. Always fun. It's always easy. Anyway. Okay. Well, the rest. Yeah.