 But it's obvious the time for it. It's from... Yes, great to think about it. If you can put metrics on and it don't impact your performance, turn it already on. You get it already data. But really working with them, first build up a little bit more experience on the workflow itself. You will have more... It's worth more. And of course when you have a problem, use the collected metrics to know what is the normal response type from, hey, this is an outlier and whatever. Because at that moment you have been already collecting it. I'm already pushing for more than one and a half year to include metrics in our projects. Please let me include metrics. Oh, we need to talk, we need to discuss, we need to do this, we need to do that. Oh, we need to make sure that we are selecting the right thing. is one fucking line in the code. I have been pushing. The other lead developer that left away to another company has been pushing that for years. And sometimes your head right with management is like, oh my God, so many minutes. You don't have those problems. Yes. I tell him, good luck, you can do it. Yeah, no problem, change the stack. It's actually pretty easy now. It's not a problem anymore, especially if you, what I explained to you, if you create your project documentation, so that describes how your doc, in small blocks, pages that are like your functional, of the technical specifications, like pages from one or two pages at most long and therefore you write and you reference to all the other documents so it knows how you say once it is okay this is important then oh but then I also need this and this and this document to get the right context so creating those right project files is also important it's a technique that this one that's also more and more in development but it's, we know how it is, how do you say, they know in the past how it should be done, but we need now to do that in how to do this the best in the time of AI, so it's most useful for AI, because AI is the one going to be using that one, to create the technical steps, to create the unit test, to create the code, and then it's, you know, tech stack, okay, hey, implement, and that's fine, okay, and that one is getting easier and easier, the Whether you describe your rules, your project documentation, your... If you do all those things right, then cloud has no problem in coding anything. It's better than Cursor probably. I normally use Blueprint and try to scaffold the best possible. But also, I keep always the tasks small. Don't make them too big, hallucinations, even though if you break them, new conversations, at some moment you really know this one. Let's start again. Especially when I have one problem, but actually it's not one problem, it's like four problems. So you go from one to the other, to the other, to the other. And every time when you fix something, something next pops up. But no, I'm really impressed on how it's working. For me now, it's to migrate the current code to C-sharp as soon as possible. And I prepping on that one and that can go faster than they think it can be done It makes sense actually because Python is higher abstraction like language No, the languages, with the program, it's depending on your problem that you want to solve For example, we are in an enterprise environment, C-Sharp is a very good solution for it. It's also a very complex application, big. And we're now specifically getting more microservices and blah, blah, blah. But if you have, for example, some software that's easier to write in Python, it's like the forum printer there, the code is all Python code. and it's also your audience is the audience more amateur or is it more the corporate development, C Sharp is much more corporate and also Python is more it's not so much to program but to it's the glue to put things together it is and that is where it shines It was also for web pages to put the content together with the web server to be able to get things out. In the past, you had Java. It was intended for everything. And you don't need a tool that is for everything. Having specialized tools is great. It's great because we have one of this one and one of this one. They have their own uses. Yes, you can combine them and then you have one. But if you can, you always rather use two instead of one that has everything. It's good for camping. You get the idea. So that's why you have like a special, you've got JavaScript and whatsoever, which is mainly for the website. And then you have people that know JavaScript and they start abusing it to make things worse they should have used Java for. It's like, it's something that is probably more something from the past, because nowadays it's so easy to switch to another language, there is no problem to start learning a new language, to, hey, oh, this code is switching to that one, oh, great, okay, yeah, I get it, no, here is going wrong. You start understanding the code way, way faster, and if you don't understand it, you ask AI to help you out and to explain to you, from, hey, what's happening here? And most of the time the only thing you need to understand is to fix that AI is proposing. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. From it. Were you perceived, I learned more in maybe two months, I don't know, using AI. Then in your whole study? Yes. And it's only going to go faster. The thing is you have still a lot to learn. so that's why I got myself like suddenly really know cryptographically secure keys and libraries of open SSL and I never because people are not security minded and whatsoever here it is not top and yeah by the way all the types of I can promise you somebody that just has thesis left the rest of the the classes in the college are not worth it. It's like, yeah. But the thing is, it is now, what AI is gonna do is, how to say, when you in a class classroom normally is about 30 people yeah And you have like a conference it like 300 people You go to university there usually 100 people in the classroom That is not because that's the most optimal way. That is the thing is, hey, limited amount of professors and they have limited amount of time to explain to you guys, so shut up and you know now how to listen. in a class from 30 it's not because 30 is the most efficient way to learn that is affordable to kids to go to school so the parents can work and somebody is making sure that they are not killing each other now if you go from 30 to 5 person the standard deviation of the education shifts with one standard deviation so middle becomes ok, ok becomes good, good becomes great if you go from 5 to 1 it shifts with another one so if you have personal education from one personal teacher it's not that it's a lot better it's a lot more expensive, that's why we don't do that you go another standard deviation so K becomes actually already good good you see them already shifting if you go from multiple teachers to one student you even go one standard deviation more almost nobody is getting an education like that kings, queens and whatsoever are getting that one but not even they go to university also where they get with maybe not a hundred that they get maybe a smaller classroom because elite education and whatsoever but you can you can create with you can create with dedicated education you can get a 3d definition shift what do you think AI is gonna do it's gonna give every kid in the world the same possibility if you're gonna do that or not it's up to you how much you're gonna understand but everybody has the possibility to get personally a tense attention plus also all the resources behind it to get education and it's not limited to what is it six hours or whatsoever or eight hours if you want to do to study faster and bigger and whatever you did 12 so people will be able 16 hours that you know what I don't know but believe me a a lot that were always in the books and what so ever reading every book that they could get it from the library I will be using full AI That's coming Yes, that's... It's already hinting Like it's hinting over and over like I... What I see is you know, I'm living in an AI bubble No, I... and a lot of people they are like yeah, and a lot of people are like it's not there and only a few that get what's coming, only a few. The thing you mentioned there like the research grade version of the models and the final client, I don't know, model, that explains a lot. I mean, you could have even more than... It's not an AI bubble, I want to say. The thing is, it's not... How do you say Yes we do have an AI bubble because there way too much money poured into it But on the other side the economic effects from that will be actually worth the amount of money that they putting into it because it coming back it not a bubble investing in nothing there are people that are still saying that one they are not the people that are seeing the effects and whatsoever I see how fast I am I see the things that I can fix now that I couldn't be in the past I see my colleagues some being faster, some can be a little bit from, come on guys, I mean this could have been done in one hour what the fuck are you still taking a day you know, the thing is I'm not going to complain, okay, you're the one that uses AI to do as little work as possible the work gets done you don't hear me complain at this moment as at some moment it comes from hey, there's not enough work anymore yeah then you have it on your own by, how do you say, hanging back or whatsoever. That has been, like those companies that have been seeing it from, hey, this is a possibility to do as least as possible or to cut costs as much as possible. You will be the one left behind. But the one that never used AI or whatsoever is the first one to go. Yeah, how do you say, the, the, the, the, what you get also is more and more and what I've seen already is from hey I need something like this you don't download the program anymore you tell it what you want that you need and it will make itself it's coming it's so oh yeah hey I want one messenger app that want to connect to whatsapp to this this and this because that's what I'm using it integrate it and now I have one messenger app and I don't use all the other ones anymore Those things, I say they are there already, but the things like that, that is what is coming. You talk to your phone, you tell them what you want to do and forget it. If that is downloading an app or whatever, you are not communicating with the top anyway anymore because your AI is talking with the top. They can show as much advertisement as they want, you are not watching it anymore. So at some point I think there is more automation emphasis? That is what I see in the future the most work, but it is teach people how to do those automations. The thing is in the end you will be teaching people that were working for you guys that will do the hard automations. And they will then work very efficiently doing those those things I You can tell to companies many many times They will how do you say they will keep having that inefficient staff and someone would you will have staff that is way better and companies they switch The loyalty of companies is zero Yeah Don't be those zero assholes blah blah blah yeah it's more like companies like where Alvaro was working where the... I don't know which one but you don't remember and those big companies yeah they're like... yeah sorry? I must say the one for Soundworks is different no the group they they they the works of well yeah they are they say did they have once I they have the American capitalism how to run a business with none of the