 This scraping thing, this is just an example, this is just a plate on one side. But, how do you say, if you set it up nice, you can jump off from that one to many different ideas. Since you guys just smoke one and just record it, blah blah blah, all ideas. It's now so easy to create from an idea to a working project, it's so easy. Right now we're trying to web scrape news, web scrape what the politicians in first world countries are doing, what they're spending their money on. Great, how do you say this? Based on that, we search what stocks they are putting their money in and also what stocks are better to invest in. How do you say, great, keep that up, do that more, more, more, more. Just don't tell me what's sick as fuck these last weeks. Sorry? Just don't tell me to continue, what's sick as fuck the last weeks. Yeah, yeah, but the thing is, hey, work together, you know, do those things. And what you do is, you're gonna shit on the wall by doing many, many different things. Just shit on the wall, some will stick. Yeah. And hey, if you make a hundred dollars a month, if you have a hundred of them, and believe me, you're gonna make more than a hundred. And believe me, there will be some that will make a thousand or more. Yes. Have fun. Yeah, that is the only thing what I can tell you to do. Just record that one. Kirjan wanted to also to go more to business administration. I think it's okay thing because she is more in those type of things. Recording or typing or what? Recording and typing to Kirjan. How do you say she is? Because she is in those things, but how do you say? We were on our university, we had all technical studies and we had technical business administration. And you know that was more or less the running joke. If you cannot do any of those things once, at least you can do the technical administration. And one of our roommates in our house we were living in, he did also technical administration. And he was like the proof from that one because how do you say? It's like so easy what they were doing and it's like that. I think it's mainly because you tell her 20 things to do at once and she gets confused and lost in what she has to do. Or for now the things to make. Most of the things in computers because she is like I'm not good enough. No, the thing is sorry to correct on that one. There's a lot of things that I'm spitting out. And the thing is what now needs to be done is first to get a planning tool so we can plan that. A lot of those things is long term, you know not now. So by having all those ideas and then categorize them to from long term, short term and whatever. Then we can start, okay, focus on this once and the other ones. Yes, we know them, but we're not focusing on that one. But now you don't even know how to use Coursera Cloud. It will come. No, no, the thing is it's like this type of projects is worse. The whole one from Coursera has the whole story from that one. And the only thing what is I did, I did a quick research with friends and then I said, oh, yeah, I had to say and you can make a Coursera AI program. So I just done that research in Coursera AI and that was the result already. I didn't do anything, really zero. Yeah, but because it's not so easy. Now, the thing is, how do you say like that? You learn how to use it, but then you need to start to learn. Okay, how do you use rules? How do you make a project file? How do you do this even in a more efficient way? But at this moment, she just needs to, you know, try to get something to run and fight a little bit with AI to get that running. But, you know, maybe helping out here and there that would be really beneficial. Yeah, that's why I told her to drop by a lot at home. And it was my workday is I give my ticket to cloud code. It spits out my solution. I say I'm busy. Yeah. By the way, what how do you say? Yeah, great that you do that. I also tell the guy, hey, use Coursera and everything else. Yeah. You have no call or not? Oh, it's fine. Hello, Leon. The first time I saw you. What happened? The first time I saw you. I was there. I was there. I was there. I was there. I saw you. I have your first light. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey, it's Carly. Hello. Hello. Hey. Hello. I just wanted to say that I found a guy over here. Wow, you? Oh, OK. What's his name? Um. What's his name? I don't know. I don't know. Um. Hello. Hey, Scarlett. Hey, Scarlett. Hello. There we are, on the floor. I'm sorry. You know, Carly? No. I can't go down. Yeah, Carly? Carly? No. No, I, uh, I'm easy there. With the roof. No, I have to walk around. I eat on the floor. No, no, no. He has to like bit. He just told me. I could never. I had three pets. Oh, yeah? When I was a kid. It tastes good. It tastes like chicken. Wow, kind of. Do you want to go through the house, Doc? Yes. As you will. I'll go through the other one. Um. How do you say, the program that you were talking about, because this is all online. Send it to me if you see the stone. Yeah? And, did you know?