 And now we're in an era where we need to cross the chasm and not again throw the baby out with the bathwater and relegate that competency but be able to speak to both sides of the house. So for the purposes of the next let's say 10 minutes I'm going to showcase for you what exactly that looks like. So for you as partners in our ecosystem you are broadcasting to our direct team with the exact same frequency you're using the same lexicon and there isn't any disparity in the frequencies that we're going to market with. Now Vetch talks a lot about right crossing from data to value is no small feat. It's not trivialized it the same is true when we talk about crossing that chasm from IT to business. To really keep you between the eyes with that point want to put in front of you a study that Forrester ran and in very simple terms what they found is that you can have product conversations you can also have business conversations and just to liven up some of the engagement and guesses according to this study by Forrester what percentage of B2B sellers like yourself know how to have that technical conversation on the left talk about neon talk about mosaic talk about lake flow lake base any guesses shout it out. 80% what about in the back? Not all at once this is great. 30 what about over here? The question is what percentage of B2B sellers know how to hold court on the left side of this diagram having a conversation that's much more product focused. 70. 88% nearly everybody Let's go Nearly nine out of ten sellers know how to have the conversations about their own stuff no surprise God help those 12% of sellers that got hired by Snowflake. Was that it? I just find the line across it. Because that's child's play compared to my introduction for Sankey later. Just get ready. So nine out of ten of our peers can have a conversation on the left. Right side let's go around the horn again this time we're going to go the other direction. What percent of B2B sellers know how to have the conversation talking about the forces the factors that influence decision making at the business level. What do we think? 50 what about? 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 30. 30. 24. So we have what we refer to internally in data breakthroughs as this business active and gap. Again we're talking about the genesis of these outcome acts making sure that our people can have the conversation on the left as easily as the conversation on the right. What is the I don't give a shit about this conversation on the right. Forgive the vulgarities but the reason we're putting such emphasis on this conversation on the right is because serious decisions on the right are going to be made by the business. The exact business fire wants to have the conversation on the right four times more than the conversation on the left. That's again to sink in. The conversation they only get one out of four times. They want to have four times more. So these outcome maps are the Rosetta Stone that we're using as the primary artifact to elevate our good marketing ability to capture those eyeballs. And that is not an easy layup from the key. Why? I'm going to talk a little bit about Nemo right here because Microsoft recent research actually calculated how long Nemo's attention span is. Same thing before. I want to hear it. People shout out. What would they hazard as a guess for Nemo's attention span? In seconds, minutes, hours, millennia, what would it be? Eight seconds. Three seconds. Two minutes. And then we've got a proverbial executive let's just call the executive of O'Gash. So any of you who are interested in this conversation, What would you say? I would say that Nemo's attention span is actually more than half of the time. And then we have a proverbial executive. So any guesses now, if we have a range of attention spans that Nemo supposedly possesses, how long is the best is potential span? Two minutes. Same research. We've got nine seconds for Nemo. And five minutes. Eight seconds. You have an eight second attention span to nail a conversation that according to research from Forrester, most often is going sideways. We need these industry active maps and we need you because you as our partner in the ecosystem are already so much further ahead of where our team is. And not to be self-effacing, but if we think about crawl, walk, run, you guys are sprinting with industry active maps that we need desperately. And while I wouldn't say we are crawling, we might be walking, and we'd like to if I can borrow a line from Anchorman, we'd like to be jogging. Oh crap! So yes, take a look. About a decade ago, New York Times looked at this research. This was a decade ago when we talked about an eight second attention span. So we could probably contend that attention span is even at a higher premium. Our hope, if we can teach our sellers to speak at a fluency, an authority of industry expertise, we should have this unspoken code. It's a little cerebral, but if you can imagine, I'm going to be talking about this. I want to feel an eight second attention span that I've got when I make a snap judgment on either our partners or our sellers. I know as the executive at Lowe's that you and the Databricks partners, that you and the Databricks AE, that you know that we know about the same things. That's what we're hoping to close the gap with using all of these artifacts that are on your tables. When we think about, again, the behavior economics and the biopsychology that are baked into the training that we have built up, that are baked into the training that we have built up globally, well, we talk a lot about if we're trying to penetrate the mind share, the attention of these business executives, what are they paying to manage? And again, none of you guys were on this internal audience a few weeks ago, but Ali and Frank, the entire company was talking about everything that he and his CEO peers talk about. They talk about this notion of external factors. So while Ali controls nearly everything that goes on inside the four walls of Databricks, he has no influence whatsoever about tariffs, supply chain, environmental hazards, shifts in regulation, shifts in consumer customer preferences. So we're again trying to educate our good market teams to initiate the conversation, not from all the benefits, the gains, the joys, the pleasures that Databricks provides, but instead, what are the obstacles that Databricks resolves? How does Databricks help you as the customer circumvent these pitfalls, these challenges, these risks that jeopardize your ability to operate financial solvency? So again, I'm telling you all this not because, again, you don't already know this, but we want to, again, as Deb talked about, pull back the curtain and bring you into using the exact same frameworks that we teach our teams. From there, if we're trying to capture the audience using external factors, we're not fear-mongers, we're not bullies, but we do want to contextualize our understanding, hey, we understand because we've done our research, what are your internal initiatives that are actively in play right now that are in fact invalidated, jeopardized or threatened by these external factors? We understand that if an initiative is an investment that you're making, it needs to drive business change, and that change needs to be measured not in anecdotal feedback, not in smiley faces or thumbs up, but in hard dollars and cents. And again, if you're disputing this, don't take it from me, the guy pontificating on stage, take it from the fact that McKinsey found 74% of the time the exact buyer that we want to court goes with the vendor who passed the vision, and the vision starts at the far left. As tempting as it is to start our stories with the change that we've already catalyzed at a relevant competitor of ACMEs, we want our people to courageously start the exchange by inducing some hard truths and tension. And if you don't believe me in this psychology, show of hands, who has heard of Daniel Kahn? Few people? Okay, awesome. In addition to having an absolutely scintillating first name, let's talk about what Kahn won the Nobel Prize in 2002 for. Kahn, in classically China's Ivy League professor in psychology, wins the Nobel Prize in 2002 in the field of economics because there is no Nobel Prize in psychology. Kahn's prospect theory makes a dent in the business world because you guys are all going to participate right now in an actual experiment that showcases, that typifies what he discovered. Who has ever lost 20 bucks before? My guy smiling up front, grimacing in fact. Let's sugar some PTSD. I want to hear in excruciating detail the agitative emotions, the sentiments that you felt when you lost 20. Sadness, depression, anxiety. I know we've got coffee out front. Can we get this guy something a little stronger? It's a hard day. Sorry to punch down on you, but thanks for that. Sadness, depression, anxiety, the full spectrum of the human condition right there. Flip the script. Who, alternately, has ever unexpectedly but joyously stumbled upon 20 bucks before? Maybe you're walking down the street or maybe it's winter again, you shut your hand in your pocket, and you're like, oh, mom is 20! Alright, back row, how do you feel? In the white, in the glasses, your hand goes up. Really great. Really great. Keep going. Lucky, excited, but also is it wrong to pick this up? And up for safety, we have Mother Teresa. I did it. Oh, fuck. Glad to know you're still human. Perfect. So we have these emotions assigned to loss and these emotions assigned to gain. We could quantify or measure that psychological value in a unit. Wouldn't it be logical, wouldn't it be tempting, almost irresistible to assume that if 20 bucks is 20 bucks, whether you lose or you gain it, well wouldn't those experiences of sadness, depression, utter despair versus happiness and joy, wouldn't those just be one-to-one and inverted? And Kahneman wins the Nobel Prize in 2002 because he finds that that relationship is not, in fact, linear. So when we think about that, again, measuring a value, while we would prefer the universe to operate in predictable order, Kahneman wins the Nobel Prize because he finds that the distance on the right is not one-to-one with the distance on the left. Any guesses? Is it 101, 47-to-one, 82-to-one, 26-to-one? 10-to-one. What else? Guesses? 8-to-1. What about there? 8-to-1. Two to three times more value that is inherently part of our brain's hard wiring. So when we talk about, again, selling to external factors, we are trying to provoke, stimulate, in the back of your head, the amygdala, which is in everyone's brains, an evolutionary adaptation which is responsible for fight or flight. Because it's automated, it's quick, you almost can't control it. When we talk fairly about the external factors that are confronting our business executives, that's the reaction we're trying to get our sellers to trigger, especially when you only have eight seconds to make a splash. So again, team, thanks for indulging me in that Nobel Prize-winning psychological sort of seminar. What I want to talk about is now back to the outcome math. Where do we give our teams, and by extension you guys, all the fodder, all the ammunition you need to have that sticky, that provocative, that captivating eight-second attention span grabbing sound bite? When we talk about the imperatives, and again, we're not talking about manufacturing, the Bebeshaan industry, we're talking about financial services, specifically the sub-biblical banking, these three imperatives, which are again the synopsis, the synthesis of our internal on-salary payroll domain experts in financial services, we try and present everything under the sun that someone in banking and payments probably cares about. It's an educated guess that gives us at least a baseline, a springboard to come up with our points of view. From there, when we think about again not leading out with all the functions in UK that we can provide, but rather starting with what they care about in their terms, being able to again, with that executive perspective that I showed you, those again Chevron infographics, we want to have KPIs and relevant case studies to make sure that our prospects know they aren't the guinea pigs of our attempts to resolve their crises. Then when we think about again adding even more fodder and substantiation, what is it we're asking people to take a chance on us with, we want to make sure that there's concrete numbers. So this is again the outcome map for banking and payments. The other thing is if there are two possible business objectives or outcomes, we don't want to throw everything in the kitchen sink at our prospects, so we can actually look at what are the typical call signs or symptoms of use cases that stand to drive the most dollar DBUs consumed in our accounts. So we're using AI, specifically perplexity prompts, to take what are the possible 10 outcomes in banking and payments and actually zeroing in on the five or six that have the highest reliance on large DBU consuming data warehouse migrations. So again, just showing you how the sausage is made internally so you can appreciate when people are working alongside you in our partner ecosystem, we want to make sure that you guys are working in unison together to drive DBU consumption and not inadvertently chase a red herring or a false possum. So again, it's right under your nose. So you guys have the partner versions of our outcome maps. The other artifact that I want you to be aware of is that if you click, and again you guys don't have access to this, but your sellers internally and data break your counterparts would be able to click into what is called a battle card. A double click into a specific use case that, as Beth was talking about, has all of the DTAs, the defensible, the concrete, the irrefutable differences between our platform and Snowflake and Synapse and Fabric and Teradata to make sure that your argument for why they can only go with data breaks with you and data breaks is ironclad. We've also got the typical usual suspects that are likely going to buy this use case. We've got obviously the source data sets. We've got where your name can be. You could be the partner that's on our battle card. We can be giving you free advertising, all of that mean gen. He's wanting you to be there and of course obviously technical resources as well. So that's my song and dance, but to typify the showcase to exemplify what good looks like, we're going to bring a man on stage who is our domain expert in the HLS space, a guy by his full admission, Mike Sankey, a fabulous swimmer who is giving Michael Phelps a run for his money in the pool. Sure he looks good in a suit today, but again by his own admission, the guy allegedly still wears this feto. And if you thought that that was too much, that is in fact categorically too much because that was probably the last joke I'll make at Data Breaks because I just got cancelled. This is probably my last summit to go for that joke. Team, if it's been real, enjoy your summit. Sankey, welcome to the stage. We really can't get Danny and Mike in. Bad things happen. So welcome everyone to Industry in Action. What we're going to do is we're going to walk through a specific example of pitching the outcome out that you all have taken a look at a few moments earlier at your tables. To our customer, Novo Therapeutics, our imaginary friendly customer. So let's start by doing our research. Let's pretend that we're going into a meeting where the account is being run for Novo Therapeutics. And what do we do? Well we typically do our homework. We look for investor relation reports. What has the CEO said publicly? So I'll call it a few points from this CEO statement. One, they have a late stage candidate poised to be a blockbuster in the obesity market. They're very eager to ensure rapid approval to bring in patients. Two, in anticipation of this blockbuster, they're investing upfront in scale manufacturing ahead of approval. And three, in the meantime, they need to maximize the existing business. So they have a portfolio of products that they're supporting and they're specifically calling out this need to better engage HCPs or healthcare professionals. So what does this mean for Databricks and all the brilliant people in this room? Well this is our high level outcome map for life sciences. How can we help Novo Therapeutics accelerate their initiatives through data and AI? And what we do is we turn to our outcome map. We have a lot of experience helping their peer companies deliver results across the value chain. Novo Therapeutics CEO is speaking our language and there are a number of areas that we can support. So let's dig in again. Let's look at Novo Therapeutics strategic priorities and tie them back to our outcome map. So they have a priority around accelerating this late stage pipeline. They face challenges in their trials in terms of delays, which are well documented. Recruitment for clinical trials is a challenge. This aligns to our outcome of increasing R&D productivity. We can help them streamline development by automating the key way of clinical data as well as standing on a platform that makes the data more findable, accessible, interoperable, and reusable all around secondary use for clinical trial design and portfolio management. Moving on to manufacturing. We know that they have this constraint around biologic manufacturing. They're investing upfront. What we can help them do is prepare for that world by investing in implementing digital twins that can simulate variations and identify remediations to make sure that every single batch meets their critical quality attributes. And finally, they have this priority to increase medical engagement with HCPs. We can support them through gen. AI assistance and Next Best Action. So this is the double click. And if we look at the life sciences example here, we see the discrete use cases, the customer references and the business value associated with each outcome. Organizations like Novo Nordisk, who presented actually earlier today, use Databricks to streamline clinical development. And organizations like Eli Lilly, also presenting this week at summit, have deployed Databricks to improve their manufacturing processes end to end. But for our next meeting with Novo Therapeutics, we've secured time with Sarah Johnson, the vice president of medical affairs. We're going to share a solution around the medical science assistant that we want to pitch. So, Sarah, great to meet you. Thanks for spending time out of your busy day coming out to Data and AI Summit. We know that your medical science teams spend hours synthesizing all of the evidence supporting your products. You have a very expansive portfolio and they need to go through published medical literature, clinical trial data, product information and value dossiers. And despite all this time that they're spending, these interactions with HCPs, which are increasingly limited, are challenged and these educational opportunities slip away. The good news is that we help organizations transform these manual processes into personalized engagements. Using the Databricks Data Intelligence Platform, medical affairs teams can automate the synthesis of vast amounts of published medical literature, which literally changes by the day, trial data and value dossiers. They can deploy multi-agent systems for personalizing engagement and they can ensure regulatory compliance with all the documentation and lineage that's built into Unity Catalog. And we're seeing both significant cost savings as well as an increase in the captured insights that med affairs organizations are able to bring forward to their stakeholders. Many organizations are doing this on Databricks today, including Vertex and Onisle. Actually, Vertex was here last year presenting at our Data and AI Summit. And what they shared was not only pipelines around synthesizing medical literature, but also assessing HCP sentiment from recording calls between their medical science liaisons and HCPs. And in doing so, they've been able to equip their MSOs with next best action and create more meaningful engagement with HCPs. The reality is that general intelligence fails for these domain specific use cases like med affairs. What we need is data intelligence where we're actually connecting to enterprise data and solving domain specific problems. So I want to show you a demo. We're not going to do it live at the moment, but we'll be happy to show it to any of you in the room if you're interested. And what we would do here is we would compare the quality of the results with and without data intelligence. So you can imagine the challenges with the general foundation model that may recommend, for example, imagine a scenario where a health care professional is asking a medical science liaison for guidance and they need specific dosing adjustments because one of their patients has impaired renal function. Well, general intelligence model may recommend things like generic alternatives, which we wouldn't want to do, obviously, in the context of our company. We want to be very proscriptive and proactive in terms of what those dosing adjustments are and what the monitoring recommendations are over time. And we're able to bring that to light and equip these MSOs with that information. Depending on the audience, we also would go through a technical back end and we have a lot of accelerators that we've built. This one, for example, is a retrieval pipeline around medical literature. So when we put these all together, we're able to identify a relevant use case with customer references. We're able to identify the data sources that are required to deliver that use case. And we also can provide guidance in terms in terms of how to access that data. For example, with the prescription data that we are actually using to measure our product performance, we have data available in our marketplace from companies like Icumia and Komodo Health that are delta sharing that data. If we want to assess whether there are gaps in training our medical science liaisons, we might want to bring in information like hire date. And that information is available in Workday. We can connect to that using Wakeflow Connect. Furthermore, we want to be very explicit about what the Databricks technical advantages. These organizations have lots of options in terms of where they want to build the technology. And we're best in class and we need to communicate to them and bridge that gap between the technical value and the business outcomes that they're trying to achieve. And if we look at the Databricks technical advantage and we walk through a lot of these already, we're able to unify all the data, both structured and unstructured, like PDFs in one place. We have the governance with Unity catalog, which in a medical regulatory use case is really important. And then with our enterprise AI systems, one of the most important areas we've been investing is in terms of our agent evaluation. And we want to make sure that we're building quality models that are able to equip these evidence cells with next best action. And then in terms of outcomes and impact, we want to share both what we've seen from third party research as well as what we've seen from customers implementing it in the industry. So best of all now, we're going to workshop and we're going to give you a chance to try this out at your tables with your outcome master. All right. So we're going to go into the battle card activity. So what you just saw, Sankey show, you're actually going to build that. We do recommend you work in groups or small groups, but if you want to write solo, this is your learning journey. So a couple things on the table in front of you. You will see there's these little kind of business cards with your QR code. We have printed copies of the outcome that we were looking at earlier. But if you want the digital version, you can access it on the QR code. Then you also have your scenarios that are printed. We have three per table as well. So what you're going to do is review the scenario. It's going to be a real customer. Select the strategic priority and then start to populate new cases, the data sources. The really important need of this all is the data versus technical advantage and then potential outcomes and impact. So table coaches are around to help you. And if for some reason you don't have a table coach around, raise your hand. But any questions? Does this all make sense? Yeah. Okay. All right. Well, then let's get started. We have 20 minutes. Awesome. All right. Well, I think we already have this call center portfolio data, spend behavior, demographics. We had some ideas as well, right? It was the... Hello. Hi. Hi.