METADATA: Provider=Groq API, Model=whisper-large-v3
FILE: audios_john/february-18th/WhatsApp Audio 2026-02-18 at 7.50.03 PM.ogg
----------------------------------------
 I am recording hello hello I can hear you I'm recording I mentioned that if we are doing our presentations full fantasy sci-fi and then doing it full fantasy sci-fi. Now I know what I wanted to say. The visual presentation that I gave you, the pitch, the story, the initial story that I gave you about the Leviathan awakens. yeah there you zoom out but then you zoom out and then you're sitting you know in a weekend we can chair you know a ai major whatever you want to be hello here i mean where did you have a pitch like that where yeah you said that i mean you make that you polish it you send it to gaston i mean he will be like and he's gonna send it to his friends i mean you will be talking the day after believe me you get me yeah yeah I prefer do you get how crazy this is yeah oh my god oh my god it will be so interesting I mean this is so crazy and I'm so stoned. Yeah. But it will, how do you say, it wouldn't have mattered. I mean, it would have been less, but I mean, I mean, how do you say, this is all possible now. This is, when was this possible? How many are also waiting now? That is, that is the question i want to know how many are you know where are the ai talent where are they i tell them that who gets that that applies they are saying to when you make ai to make a product that is okay but you need to use ai to make the how you say to out to to ai the machinery you need to I say you need to make some red balls diamond from cold diamonds mm-hmm where I wish for us I mean you can you can make it visible you know from somebody sees that and then it's like on the screen you know hello we're here i mean that could be so so right already that i mean that would land i can tell you that would land yeah i also think that exactly with the right people. I also think that the people that are into AI and the people that are investing and autistic rich people will find it really cool. Yeah, how do you say, but you will find, don't rush them. What you need to do is from, hey, which one is a little bit playing around, playing around, just identify and find out from, hey, to be, how you say, all public and whatsoever, to who you reach out to, which club is there that is a little bit organizing, okay, become member of that one, be sponsor of that one, sniff around. There's nothing wrong there. If there is talent you will figure out. And if there is real talent, you can say, okay, hey, can we level up a little bit? You know, can we talk serious? But that is all to come. I mean, that is now the product, the story, blah blah blah. You know, the production of Solstheim is the product. It's not Solstheim. Solstheim is then what you use because every step is an acceleration. And that is what other people don't get. They use it as a multiplication, not as a hyper-exponential way. Every process, you you say you upgrade it is not you you you you you you make the process gold and then everything starts going way more fluidly what's gonna happen in 2026 2027 I have no clue we're gonna be big part of this yeah strap in how do you say never feel pressure never ever but you shouldn't because you know AI will continue and they will always be there if you need more people okay we'll find them for me it's also mostly really fun to play with AI for me it's also really fun to play with AI so if you do that yeah of course i mean that that's why we're doing this That's why... Did you... Did Gaston... Did I tell you? That's because when I talked to Gaston from... Hey, do you know how long it took me to make these products? And you know what he said? What? Two years learning about AI. And it's like, yeah, fuck these white balls. Because it took me six hours. No, it took me two years. Yeah. but that's true. I say this process, this product, this alchemy, this recipe has enormous value. Now we need to show, okay, does it work? You know, we need to apply it in our own organization. Iriam, you need to decide which, what you're going to need. Yeah, I should do more meta things in the company rather than doing the projects. Or setting up the thingies? Sorry? I should be doing more meta things. I think you know, you need to take a look, how do you say, if Kirian needs help or something, if Kirian needs, not an AI agent, but you know, one person specifically assigned to her, do so, you know, like a normal assistant, and then you learn that normal assistant to work more with an agent, she becomes more efficient so she can read that for the whole company all of those little projects is where you're fine tuning from hey where are we you know you know how far can we push it yeah how do you say everybody's an experiment on itself Don't see it as a critique. You know, you have, how do you say, from great artists, a copy from other artists. Don't be ashamed to do so. Use it, twist it, adjust it. If you have better ways, adjust it in better ways. I will see if Kirian has any friends that are really into AI that might explain her better how to use it. I wouldn't push too much on that one yet, sirs. You first need to make a plan, then you take a look, okay, how are we going to do it with resources? Then you're going to take a look, okay, how are we going to, what you're going to do. Also, what speed do you want to go? some moment is also is from you can make business plans and because you have the other reach is okay how do you say I do not know where we are in one week yeah and that can be already I not to make a break or whatever but it can be already a per say a make let's say the circus is just a little bit from how we'll be big how big is that make money if you get it money yeah and I'm gonna pursue I'm hundred percent sure it's a make now it's gonna be from how is the angle that you want to play because this narrative this is a this is a vision dragon type narrative custom was also doesn't dragons yes he gets it and my Tia's yeah how you say send it also to Matias you know because you know you know the starts from Matias or not I don't think so now how do you say I I have been talking with listen to this custom like a son old friend of mine in Lima yeah I say I you know I have been following a little bit and you know keeping him a little bit informed what's going on the storm is that is a is a shareholder in MS-21 and a shareholder in NFE at this point yeah they probably came beside Fortex and that's about it yeah the the the company he has put his ass on the line for us uh how do you say and i know it and i'm grateful that he has done by the time we also have helped uh uh how do you say i think for anything how do you say there are more in in in energy 21 or whatever that has had the soul in it and that that's how do you say that that has stayed for a long time i don't know exactly who that are and that should i should be ashamed of that you have corneille in it i uh how do you say and uh i say yeah martinez i i say ralph because i i don't how do you say i should have been way more involved in the architectural structure but that has been because i had undervalued myself at mc21 and by undervalue yourself and how do you say you are not appreciating all this by the way also a pitch for when you're talking into money with companies and whatever talking percentage talking with the business strategy and whatever we're gonna that whole business pitch whatever before that even happened we're gonna play that through with mom whatever uh grace all that speech coaching and all the ai targets you know from okay how can we took a charge race you know for psychological support and whatsoever maybe somebody else on that yeah I know exactly what needs to be done I know exactly the playbook how do you say the only thing is I need to put energy on the right track that is what i need to do that is what my this year i need to do after that after that i gladly helped them out but they don't would not need me anymore the they should have the possibility to make anything what they want and then let's see what type of projects for me i mean maybe i will be involved with anything for a long time i mean i have ideas that i would have done in the past but i didn't have the the the goal for it i i would not need to ask for the ball i will be doing it because okay you're needing this one i'm like making this one i'm not just making this one yes how do you say we will have i say i will make see if the projects that will make them but all of them will be made it is you you know i i will will be steering the project from the high up how you say architecturally and whatsoever but with a straight hand because that's needed otherwise doesn't happen but that happens because you're using AI agents the AI agent by just by the standard I doubt it's not that you are enforcing a rule you are showing a better way and very fast people start adjusting that it's everything is much readable it really is yeah oh man we should have the option yeah that you can set all those documents that we have those md files yeah in uh in a phone from uh old english from From what That you can have if you have those MD files, I don't know, but I think it is possible. That you can set the best font to use it for it. So you overwrite the font. Yeah. And you use the Gothic font a little bit. Yeah, no, definitely. You get what I mean? Pretty sure you can do that. I mean, nobody does that because why wouldn't you? Now it's why wouldn't you? That is a whole, you know, all those paradigm shifts. Yeah, a lot of things are landing. It's good that it's recorded because, how do you say, believe me, books are gonna be written about this. Believe. I think the books will write themselves. Exactly, exactly. Oh my God, this is just... This is just... I'm going to say, you know, I'm the director a little bit, you're the writer of your own story. Mm-hmm. Record as much as you can. It's gold. Yeah. Oh, one more thing. I saw a YouTube recording from 9 to 5 or whatever until I get to a billion. That is maybe one of your targets. That is maybe one of your talents. He will get to 1 billion. How do you say within 2 months? Because you will be bringing him in contact with all the other ones. He's what you're needing. He's looking. Found you already one. You know how stupid this is? It's amazing. I have no idea how stupid this is. But you know what you need to look for, eh? Ivan. Like in... for those videos or for what thing? There is a YouTuber, I saw from a YouTube somewhere, who said, hey, I will be streaming from 9 to 5. How do you say? I don't know how many hours or whatever, but you know, every day he would be streaming with 35 going until he would be making a billion. I look him up. They are getting it, but they are not getting it. Yeah? But if they want to get to a billion, you know how, you can teach them how to get to a billion. He's looking. looking. He's like with a lantern, you know, he's like, he's walking around with a lantern, you know, in the mist. You with your soul sign is for finding him. You know that all of this is recorded, eh? Yeah. You know how crazy that is? I will just make it fully blog and go work in the office so the streaming background looks nice i mean you do what i mean this is so stupid by the way are you more often in the office or in your upstairs office I don't know how to say it. When I go to work, how do you say, when I have to work, maybe, depends on what I'm working on. It's like the old, the warlock downstairs, you know, depends on the vibe. On one side I want to keep like grunts down and a little bit to relax upstairs. I just say my goal is to be independent of what I am, you know? I take the hub with me and I buy two screens where I am and then when I go is from where I have fun with those televisions. Yeah, because... It's like, you know, when you have those... how do you call that? The one that... While Luana is not here I can stream from her room. You're sorry? While Luana is not here I can stream from her room, so it has like dragons and things in the background. You do whatever you want to do. Yeah. How do you say? Whatever. Have fun. Don't be too crazy, don't be too crazy, don't be too... No, it's not that, how do you say, to YouTube stream, that you don't get it. The guy, the other guy is YouTube streaming. You don't need to YouTube stream. He is looking, with a ladder, he's looking for opportunity. You have access to opportunity. Do you get what I mean? Yeah. Hey, you need to analyze who is that person, what is he doing, find the story behind. There's always a story behind. And a story behind. Think deep, always. Because now you can. I know you say, don't overthink everything, but when you do strategic change, always, Always, always do really a deep research on that. Anything you know really serious, really deep research on those things. Always. Doesn't cost anything. Why wouldn't you? Do you know those tokens are spent a million times over. I also don't have any, I just spend them without any issues. Yeah, no, how do you say, you just need to start strategizing and whatever, and how do you do that, how do you manage that one? But all of those things, hey, ask the AI again, ask the AI that this work, the magic happens. The more you set up your project, you more automate how you set up your project you know that's how you're learning how to how you say that is how you learn how you make the masterpiece would you start teaching people already along the way by the way you probably needed someone to think about corporate structure You can have the Europe office blah blah blah just telling no hurry. Don't worry, I mean those things, you know, they will be solved. That's the least we should be worried about. But it's something you should be thinking about. Yeah. Hmm. Def, I will use AI a bit more in AI Whispers to analyze itself. Yes, sorry? I'll take a look into implementing also what we are going to do for them. Yeah, how you say, it's always self-analyzing. On one side you should always take care of everything, on yourself, not exactly a theft, but you know, it's to detect miscommunication or mis... not really miscommunication, but misunderstanding or mis... you know, any mis, you know? Better prevent it. Why not? Yeah. Oh my god. Yeah, I have to be a bit more meta with the business. Oh, how do you say? Record it, you know, record it and the meta thing you do afterwards. Yeah, I am recording right now. Yeah, but because you're recording, you're making your version one. Yeah? Then you start doing your make up for your version two. And that is where you train how you go from version two to version three. Do you get it? Yeah. First you do, you record how you do it, then you start fine tuning that one, okay, now you have a process that more or less does it. it maybe not completely but how do you say good of how you say 99 of very good compared to another not done at all i mean the company we're working for they had a user the unit test so the coverage from 45 percent and the branch coverage from 15 i think yeah my my ages do not stopping until the unit test and is uh is above 95 percent and it breaks from 85 that is just an enforced uh batch okay proposed you have that yes or an agent that decides okay which one are we going to be doing and it's just a cycle that brings up your unit test score you you could bring it to 100 but it's not advised it doesn't make any sense to go to 100. 95 you're good that is above industry standards. Like that you have also automated processing that check the documentation, everything documented, everything needs to be documented. Then you have warnings and suggestions. It's like, how do you say, warnings, there should be no warnings. If there are warnings, then they should be solved. one is again not for nothing yeah this is very important so you have an automatic process that pushes your quality in in boot case in C sharp automatically up the whole process is there already it just need to be how do they code it into an 8m yeah so you could try to code something and then say from hey ai this one according to this and this and then this is the standards i do not know what those standards should be for you to figure out yeah uh how do you say for the yeah for the pipeline that you need to figure out how to best set it up security is very important for the company. So cheap is not an option, secure as I say, less than secure is not an option. The more in Europe the better and maybe sometimes maybe in Asia God knows where they want to locate to. But be aware of that one that locality and switching, not being dependent from from different cloud providers or data centers or whatever, it's very important for us. problems yeah that that is how do you say that is the wish that all of them had already for a long time and nobody knows how to do that they think that they are in that they are in how do you say that there's a storm coming and yes a european is coming you have to wake up now you know on the screen. It is the next pitch, you know. Now, how do you say, that's the pro-elixir process. Because you're driving up your documentation, your unit test, also you have sometimes a CRAB score and that CRAB score is nothing wrong with it, that means some, hey, this needs improvement. Improve. How do you say, what happens there, there are standard patterns that you apply and when you do that in the correct way, you how they say those crash course automatically go away and the point becomes better I see this happening it's beautiful to see it happen now Hello Sonia. Love you. You're gonna listen to this. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. You know how crazy this is It is a really interesting idea Sorry I was about the build process So you have an automatic build process, you have a predictable build process, you have a predictable correction process, you have an enforced architecture that is expandable, integratable, blah blah blah, all the fancy words, whatever you're needing for it. There are our best ways to do so so we're doing the best way to do so there is no so yeah but we did it like that whatever it we're doing the best way without we do it and if some chinese bb round us from the author to the new way well make that one also don't do any of that because if but we don't have the unit just okay that we all have the unit that before migration and after my great because that's all automatic done anyway so these things but that is the automatic process that you're going to be setting up at some moment. You need to focus on which one first. What you're now setting up is your first test case. Learn from that one. Learn from all the problems that have been fired up. Learn from the mistakes that you're going to make. Everybody makes mistakes. If you cannot make mistakes, you cannot learn. But what you need is a safe environment you know that you don't cut your fingers sorry you will know that anyway But how do you say, what you get now into a landscape, when you get the way how to make products, that is becoming easier and easier, automatable and automatable. But it's not just that, it's okay, how to apply that with companies that need help or companies that deserve help. I don't know, all those things you guys need to decide. I'm just showing what is possible. Yeah. What you can wish for. Hmm. Did you see the movie, uh, shit, what was that one? The thing that spins. Um, shit, uh, with the different dimensions of what's there, that it would go into the mind of somebody else. You know the movie? Sounds like a plot from many movies. Yeah, I know, but it was a very good movie. It was like the Jada Tristan dimension or whatever. He had one thing that you spin around and with that one you could see if he was still in dream state or if he was in reality. And there was a whole sci-fi behind it. it or whatever it was a good movie if you didn't see that one cut this outfit way i they haven't told you it's what it was it was a very famous act you've seen it and i mean amazing movie i've been seeing it with your mom and she loved it i don't think i look by the way you should also watch the one with the big reveal or whatever let's make those magicians how to pull a trick off because we're gonna pull a trick off how you say we're gonna do magic yeah you're seeing exactly what i'm seeing I'm thinking about being like hey, let's apply This completely completely to the organization set it up when they come tomorrow on both of their laptops open claw Yeah is from okay how do we make a plan for this one what what what what what what gifts what would you need to to to to create a plan because you do not have the time for that how narrow how who what what which which role are you going to be needing and company there is all those things you guys need to be decided who is going to fill those walls who's gonna all those things you need to be decided but keep in mind that the song you can pull in talent yeah you know all depends on narrative but you you get how crazy this is right now what i'm thinking about also is like i've been living on bug burner adding all of the transcriptions to one place and Sorry, can you repeat it? Because it was a quick task to do, I left it on Backburner, the full transcription to things and make a full repository. Yeah? Over the other things. I think what he's saying is... I will pass all of the transcriptions now also and apply it really meta to the whole thing we can learn. Sorry, I don't hear you but I want to hear what you're saying. Yeah? Can you just talk a little bit slower? Yeah? Okay. Just tell the story what you were telling from the beginning, from what you want or what you need. You were telling something and I was not hearing it. Just talk the same but slower. Okay. thank you tell me the transcriptions from the audios we already have but we haven't really passed all of it to an ai and then make it feed analyze out of the audio for the telephone company no for the video that is for kirian to go after that one you should have the recordings from all from all of our random recordings. Ivan, Ivan, Ivan. Yeah? Yeah. On that, that is the one for the bank or so, or the telephone company, or not? No. I'm referring to all of the random recordings. Like, I put them already in Drive. From there, it goes to our GitHub repo. Yeah, yeah. But we haven't. Ivan, Ivan. Mm-hmm. Yeah? Is that the product that you're currently marketing, or not? No. But you can. I mean, don't worry, you know, put those things online. Yeah? Yeah. That is when you're showing your skills. Yeah? Mm-hmm. How do you say? How do you say? It's like you have the vitrine, eh? With your, how do you say, with your pieces, you know? This is what I will be doing. Then, you know, a month later I make this one. Then one and a half, how do you say, two weeks later I was making this one. then one night I had this, then we made five things like that, we have an idea, we're now setting up the workflow, blah blah blah blah, and now we're making X products per week. And that is how you're going to be recognizing all the talents that got it. Because if you have a company that is firing new products into the market, they have a similar team. There is no other way how you can do that. Do you get that? The jam is getting less. It is recording. Yeah, yeah, I know the jam is getting less. Good. It's an emotional travel reports. Did you? Can you put up the the song from youtube? Hello, is there anybody home or so? This is like the sci-fi type. Did you find it already? Hello, is comfortably known from Pink Floyd? Yeah, could be. It's like somebody on the telephone or so. I've heard this. Hello, it's like Syfy is, if you're aware of it. Found it or not, sorry? It should be 80 or so. 80, more 80s. It's like a very long distance to Mars. E.T. phone home? No, not E.T. Let's see. Total recall, Arnold Schwarzenegger does a memorable scene where a character knocks on his head and says something along the lines of, it sets on Mars? No, it's a song, it's a song, it's in the 1980s. I will just pass you what the AI finds later from this audio because I'm killing all of this right now well after Yeah, yeah, but it is like from hello, is that anybody home? and then you know, the girl is telling a whole story and what's happened her grievance and what's happened on the line it's just like you know, a story told in a song You know, not the empty songs. Yeah. You will find it. Mhm. Ah. Oh. So, can I buy a chair? You should team your ambience. Not now, but I think you should set up your case. Where you are working and what so ever. You should get a better environment. But those are things you should be worried about thinking about, but those things at that moment, it's like, yeah, why not? You get what I mean? Yeah, it will make it much more motivating and more space. Sorry? Sorry, the death? Death will be nice. I mean, it is like... If that makes that you produce better and faster, that you have no worries, whatever, blah blah blah, that you can focus, concentrate on what you want to do, that everybody in the group can do, Not 200% but 2000%. And that is not me putting pressure, that is me putting pressure on me to give the leverage that you go to 2000. That you can fire on 4000 instead of 40. On all four. And you know, that is what we're cooking. That's the recipe. That turns lead into gold and fall into diamonds. We are the mist. Make sure we get the right costumes. It would be really funny to have all of our presentations or things and we're literally dressed like wizards. You think you're not gonna? You're even chic. I mean, you know the suit that I had in the past. You know? Who make new suits? You gonna have... You want a manga suit? You have your manga suit, but a suit suit. and not one two three or whatever whatever you're needing you know stop i would say stop thinking with any limits of course still make sure that there always a reason why are you doing that don do things because of if anything will help you to get anything further faster you get no greater yeah you get what i mean yeah and now it's a different thing this plan you know take it take it easy plan there is how to say That is what they call is teabagging. You know the teabagging that you're thinking of? Wink, wink, why not? What you now have, you need teabagging time. You know what teabagging is or not? Yeah, from video games, but... From video games, what was on video games? games. Is when people squat on other people's faces when they're in shooters? You do not know what teabagging is? Oh my god you are told so early. How you say it? Your license is revoked. You have to make an essay about teabagging. But that is just so vanilla. Sorry? It is just putting your balls in the partner's face, it's just so vanilla. Yeah, yeah, whatever. But that is what, well, let no one be sick on tea bagging, let's say it like that. The thing is, what the British mean with that one, in the army, is that they're getting the intelligence, they're getting the plans and whatsoever, but they're not making immediate decisions. They're going to make, how do you say, they make a tea. They cook the water, it takes its time, you know, you need to give back the water, and then you drink the tea, you discuss, you sit back, and then you discuss, okay, what strategy are we going to do? And sometimes the problem, oh, false alarm, nothing to do. Okay, good. nice tea see you later but you you you you get what i'm talking about yeah with this context yes yeah i i i know but somebody knows the other ones I mean AI also thinks the other one first. Sorry? AI also thinks the gaming one first. The gaming one, sorry? No, I sent you a screenshot. if he's a how do you say he's looking he's looking with a letter he is like having a letter so white i wonder if he's still swimming maybe or some other companies already picked him up i think you should be very moving fast on that one but you need to be you need to prove yourself also it's the proof is in the pudding it's in the hame of salonda if you know what hame was oh by the way if you're talking about something with a company, you should always plan. There are two things that you need to do. You need to give the project a name, because a name sticks. The name that I really wanted to know initially today I said was Waterglass. And that was a way also to find the way. Also Viking type, but the Solstein is actually way better. But the other class, there was a company registered them. By the way, Solstheim, make sure it is getting registered as soon as possible. I don't know which domains or subdomains, make sure you register as soon as possible. Very important. But I mean, the things that we are now doing, we are already accelerated now some seven times. Because you are fired two different ages, do this, do this, do that, whatever. You know that it has multipliers already, then you are kicking in. You know, a little shot. I'll take a look on the Sol stop right now. Sorry? Yeah, how do you say? Not looking for it, but we're going straight to purchase. I'm just telling, I'm just flying because, you know, I'm having somebody to talk to. Chill, I'm here to listen. Sorry? No problems in being here to listen. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You should make ages to determine who's getting waking up and what's happening, you know? You have to find agents that represent yourself in the house. So your agents, how do you say, negotiate with the other agents, blah blah blah, for your communications and blah blah blah, security, but you know, there's like internal things that you should also be automating and you need to find the right moment to do so. Use AI to determine those moments. Like you know, every time, use AI to determine that. Of course, always be critical, always challenge. take it for granted. But you only say I trust AI better than anybody else almost. Like, fun thing, he didn't understand my code. He can make a C compiler, he can make a web browser, he can fix I found a security box in an important repo, but it didn't understand my code. What code did you give it? I'm sorry? Defis, maybe you just have to finish connecting your AI brain that you were setting up. Exactly, that's where I need your help. How do you say, everybody helps each other. How do you say, you showcase, you help. How do you say, we are not here to make more money, we are here to help you. And yes, we value our time. time. With the time, you're creating the time to navigate through this water, to have the time to adjust. Because we are multiplying, you're not straightening down the company. If that is needed, maybe some companies will go for that. But that would be a stupid option. You should not, If you have options for which one you're going to help out, just say predator and whatever, ciao. Be picky and your clients will have that opportunity. And sometimes having ethical standards is important. Don't lose that. No, I'm sure. I also thought it makes things worse. Ivan, things are going to get crazy. They will. The priority are bigger projects. Sorry? That idea is just something that it keeps in the back. So it remembers at some moment. Sorry, can you explain again? I'm just... I just mentioned that I always just drop random ideas to the AI. That it generates a random repo for it. and it just stays there. Yeah, but exactly, it's... I always say, there are books and theories written on those things, and what you do is, I always say, you define in a company the processes there, and then you're going to analyze, you know, first of all you need to get it working and everything, that is important, and then you're going to analyze it, how is this process now exactly working and you know they're going to stick together with whoever is designing to optimize that process to make processes of course you're going to buy from a but this architecture will be better okay then you make you are just a poo-poo it's just there is where you are that there's where your attention is going to be how do you integrate that into a certain existing environments some you can have that pitch you can set a piece to Sander, Sander can show the guys here in Calabria. I mean, Sander just need to pass it on. He doesn't need to talk. I would say all of those are opportunities. What now is important is not the optimalisation. Optimalisation, although you need to take it into account, you know how to say watch out from you know stay in reasonable advance if things are multipliers it's okay but you know you understand what reasonable is and then if you see from hey i'm not sure if this is reasonable ask for advice yeah the problem with this probably is from yes it is but maybe it's from hey maybe you should start to optimize you know So, what people wanted against this early optimization, that is something from the past and I think it's still valid. You should not, how do you say, that is for example for the process, what I was explaining you, there are different rules in different stages of a project. So if you have a feature, you can have still for example warnings in it. But if you want to go from feature to your development, where you're doing your merge work, you cannot have, the commit is not allowed to have any warnings anymore. So you can have builds and builds that go automatically, just based on the commit itself. It knows how to tag it, everything goes automatically. That saves so much brain power because these won't just automatically. Automatic flows take over. Quality goes up. There was in the process that was analysed, that had a very high CRAB score. Because it was so crappy and I could with this automatic process that we were talking on, with that one, you could automatically set up the... the the the how you say automatically push that to the to the 95 uh ap5 no one's no suggestion it's just an automatic process and if the design decisions are made then it will flag it yeah so it will automatically push how you say i just installed the pipeline and that's what we're going to be doing and let it roll let it roll let it roll the faster we can set up the pipeline then Victor can start optimizing it and there's next next next the thing is is we can walk fly fly sleep rest flying flying flying all at the same time. Because you have agents. Figure things out. Also take a rest, take a walk, take a break. Make sure that you put an agent for that one also. A little bit of health advice. You probably have already something like that. Keep it in mind. Things can be stressful. Just step in and enjoy your ride. Put your hat on. You have a story to tell tonight. At the campfire tonight. Or you let your AI tell the story. Whatever, whatever. you have, how do you say, you make something. Maybe you know, this is a good way to reflect maybe. I think, you know, that is the most important part. Just, you know, take some tea time, you know, have fun. The story is more worth because it's going to feed into many other places. That is what you're going to be using to explain to other people. No? I do it. Maybe I'm working. You have a story to tell. Ciao ciao! See you!