METADATA: Provider=Groq API, Model=whisper-large-v3
FILE: audios_john/february-18th/WhatsApp Audio 2026-02-18 at 7.50.05 PM.ogg
----------------------------------------
 I'm going to the pool now, I'm on my way there. Can I ask you some stuff? Yeah, you can. I have all the time, I'm listening. Okay. Are you saying? First of all, I was talking with Ivan. I'm just walking to the pool, I think we can connect the phone. I'm so happy that I don't need to fight with you like with the fucking DBA at Energy. You know you want to help them? About that, hey, no. Papa, my question is about what... Okay, so I left yesterday night with the priority to have a proposal for you today. Yeah, yeah, that is important. And I am working on that one. Yeah, perfect, yeah. Yesterday night, before I went to sleep, because a lot of things changed since I went to sleep and I woke up. oh my god this is uh how do you say this those are after priorities this one has higher priority this one okay so this is i i i have been talking how do you say i've been talking with even a lot of different things and everything is recorded and you should be listening and you probably listened already to it and verdun is compiling everything so i don't have to listen to four hours of audio and just read some files to be on perfect also yeah it's it's it's the thing is we how do you say i was you know that that that that wheat that you left here yeah i took one third of it and and i was and i have a height uh how do you say a high tolerance and i was flying like hell Anyways, you are going to the branches. Let me ask because I called you because I wanted to ask you something. Ask. Okay, efficiently. Ask. Just fire. Fire away. No, my question is because I left even at night and I was like, hey, can you research a little bit of the NHS stuff? Because that is the priority. And then I wake up the next morning and he talking to me about some storyboarding about some octopus and a kraken And I like what the fuck Shall I tell you a little bit of story there? Yeah. I got a little bit of the idea. I think it's really good marketing. I don't. I understand that it's for marketing. like make a video about but I don't understand why you want us to like act that out at the Korean place the thing is I this whole story that I have been telling to Eva yeah this is how you say it's a pitch on how a company like this should be working and of course that is not to tomorrow that is not next week that is the direction that you should be going in this is the direction as how everything is going in and it's it's something that you need to be taking time to digest and everything it's not to change course and whatsoever this is like a map that is that is laid out yeah I know but the my basically my question is like with everything that you and even talk yesterday I think priorities got mixed up so I want you to remember that we're just three people and yes we can work on multiple projects but what is more important because what I understood that is more important is the end and work through the proposal to do a like a demo for that one or have a little bit yeah let me let Wait, wait, wait, wait, because I want you to hear me first. Then the other one was the Solstein, which Ivan was yesterday working on a dashboard, which was really cool. And then the other one is this that you're talking about now. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Now. And the thing is, with energy 21 that will help me a lot to to speed up things up to show that we can go faster and that is something that should be able to get it running in two weeks yeah for me is is how fast can I get this as a proposal through that is acceptable for energy that is acceptable for you and whatever. And I see that, how do you say, and let's see on how and whatever we're going to make this happen. You're setting this up here locally first and after that is done, after you've figured that out and everything, you should maybe go to Holland to deploy it there live, you know, so you talk and meet the people. So that is just the N8N project, so that one you get then, eh? Yeah, that one is priority then. Yeah, exactly. That has priority. Now, likely if you're going to be at Holland, you're going to be at Gaston. At Gaston, you're going to be having meetings about Solstein and the meetings with Solstein, you're going to be meeting with people, you're going to be meeting with people, with people, people that matter. Yeah, so that is the priority soulstein. Yeah that comes afterwards but that's also priority the thing is you have now a agentic workflows and you are to say that the things should go Automatically more and more and more automatically and all the whole place of going more automatically that is an all other story That is part of that other story. Yeah so How do you say, there are like four layers of priorities with all different, how do you say, different levels of meta. You will get that once all of that documentation that I've been talking with Ivan through, because it's also very interesting for you. But it's also very interesting, the story that I told, because it tells a lot. Yeah, I know. But that story, for example, what we thought with Ivan is to outsource it. ask someone that is interested in working with AI in videos. Exactly, and that is the pitch, what I call it. That is the story that you're going to be opening to anyone where you're going to make a pitch to. You know, that is so amazing. You open a pitch like that, people will be talking weeks afterwards still about that pitch You going to make such an impact just by the pitch and that is just yeah this is just us playing around now let us do our work yeah nice you know i just i i understand everything now and i think i know now it's very clear and i already say so that is multi-me it's this the second thing why that multimedia is it's not so much to make that multi-me that is great that is the that's a product but actually this is a trial to find out your person that is gonna do your multimedia because you're gonna need one yeah so so you you you put this out you you figure out the the price that is a fair price for it i mean even i mean we had like a price in mind that makes sense but again you should be doing that one not even but even maybe knows the people yeah actually you guys delivered to already contact someone while i was still sleeping yeah yeah yeah no i know he he contacted already somewhere but the thing is you do not necessarily need to limit to one person i don't care if you have you you have to reach out we already talked about that but we're gonna probably ask two people so we can have two different videos and we can perfect perfect approach perfect approach and maybe you're gonna work with both of them god knows yeah also is you should this one when you really have it worked out you should get in contact with tony maybe maybe luana also i don't know but also with tony because this actually has a really potential as a storyline there is no company yeah that has an origin story like this none of them no company in the world you can research that one companies with very cool origin stories and whatsoever you will not find one that is as good as this one yeah this is also great yes I know I know I know but but but anyway Let's skip all of the other things, yeah? Is there any more to ask you? Do you have... Okay, wait. Stop. Yeah? I already asked you the questions that I needed to ask. I think it's pretty clear what we should be focusing on this week. And... I'm going to send this audio so we're not mixing our context. Because you tend to go a lot to the branches.