 We released what she can start promoting. I think that one was clear by now. If there are like, let her go to the page, yes this one, yes this one, yes this one, hide. Just make like the small adjustments that make it for Kirian ready to sell. And you know what Ima will say? Or you can open it in your computer and do the changes yourself. I know that you can do that also. But the thing is you should just focus shortly on and just make a release branch. And where you out, out, in, out. Just small, small fixes on that one. For me it's no problem. What I mentioned before was like, hey it makes no sense for me to be styling and making things pretty when I should be focusing on getting the functionality to work. But on style is also, take a look. That's why you make a demo. That's why you have a version. One more important point. I am not superhuman. I can realistically do web design, QA testing, marketing, sales, content, onboarding and coordination all at the same time. That is exactly why I'm pushing a very small, focused release zero. The bigger and the more complexities, the more it all piles onto me and the non-dev side. I'm also not a unicorn? What? You said a guy said you were a unicorn. I mean we invested in a unicorn. No. They're not, how do you say? It's good that you, how do you say? It's from where you're from. Okay, here's my limits. This is what I can do. This is what I cannot do. Try also to start learning things because it's so easy to learn them now. Even though, how do you call that? But you need to tell when you're ready for it because you're not ready for it. It's too much. So that means for you but you can have taste. Taste is from this one, yes, this one, no, this one. Communicate with each other and make Kirian happy, Ivan. Kirian can do her job and then you can focus again on the features that you're implementing on it. For context, all of this is already working. All of the stuff that is, hey, this is our information, our location, contact us via WhatsApp. That is for a show or not? Yeah, this is our services, our information prices, contact via WhatsApp. Know about us, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, their information, at the end contact via WhatsApp or schedule a date. All your communication go through WhatsApp, for example? I will make it so they have a, I will make it very OP and extra. So in the end the clinics have all of the information directly in a portal here. So they can visualize nicely, have a calendar, know when things are coming instead of having it a garbage in WhatsApp where they're again. Yes, but the customers are communicating with the system with WhatsApp. They will in the end just choose their pets, choose what time, schedule, have a card, pay it, go straight to the thingy, they confirm when they... Yeah, yeah, so, but why is, why do you have the WhatsApp if you have the website? For the initial one that is straight up contact via WhatsApp for the free pages that we... Oh, that is for to, that is to contact you. This WhatsApp is to contact the clinic for the ones because we have different pricing or different tiers. Free ones that only have a website, straight up WhatsApp. If you don't have a store, straight up WhatsApp. If you have services only, straight up WhatsApp. If you want to pay more to have all of our features, your services, input items, everything goes through our cart. Then we can take management of your inventory also with your inventory management. We can do so much more. Help you know when you need to reschedule, help you know when your drugs are getting too old. Knowing when to... Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're trying to add also inventory management. I love those extra things. Then on top of that, when one has low stock and 20 more have low stocks, both ordering for economy of scales. Okay, okay, okay. Now, it's good that you have them there, yeah. Now you're getting to, okay, your initial customers. What will be your initial customers? What... The two things that both of them mentioned was inventory. That's why I'm focusing on inventory. Yeah, inventory is for them the biggest... No, there's left for later. For what I know, as Sofia mentioned, is not keeping track of their inventory, just having a shop where they can show their products online. Yeah, yeah, but you have... I get both sides of that one because you're talking medicine most of the time. They have like a very big expiration date and whatever. So you want to take care of that one. Here in Paraguay... Oh, this is a year expired. Well, it's for the dog anyway, so who cares? Believe me. I don't think they're throwing over dated medicine away. Over dated, I don't think so, but they mentioned that they reuse if it still has left, even if they should discard it. Yeah, yeah, exactly. It is like so common. But anyway, that was a question on Hay Stock. You're more on Hay, they want to have these other products we are selling so you can buy them online or so? Or how does that one go? No, what I think is that... Sure, it's nice that it has all of those features, but how can we maybe sell that without it being so visually noisy? To tell you the truth, what was below the calculator was for me noisy. The rest actually not really. No, for me it's also that calculator. It's just that for me super extra unnecessary. I mean, feel free to make it a widget. Yeah, yeah, or just put it on... For example, but... Or maybe something that would be nice to have so people understand, it's like maybe a guide that explains to them what the page is. Excellent, why not? I made just an initial version of everything that info that they should have because I want to be transparent. I want them to be aware to not have huge terms of service that they won't read, where it's like all of the hidden things. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know that exactly everybody takes one okay. But for me that practice is horrible. So they thought you either get me already or not? I want to add it so if they have a store and they're selling through our website, fuck it, give me a commission. It's necessary. It's already detailed, you know it from the beginning. No hidden things, fuck it. It's... How do you say it? Again, yeah. How do you say it? In my point of view, Kyrian needs to define what can I sell. You should adjust to, okay, this is what I need to sell. You need to make, how do you call that, make a release planning. For the next month we want to have this and this added still. You probably have added everything added by the end of the... Likely. Knowing how things go. But how do you say it? It could be that you have all the priorities or whatsoever. But put that on a separate branch and even if you have different functionalities, work first on one, merge that one in after. Hey, yes it works because for example you, QA says, hey you have a release. That's fixed. I don't think you may, I will deal with Playwright also. Good, but the thing is you still need to have, is this, how do you say, does it pass the taste test? Does it look nice? Can I sell it? And there's some feedback you will get from that one, part of the game. But also that freeze is very important. We are at Energy 21, we have always the same battle where we have the testing that's from, hey we need to have a freeze period where everything is handed over so we cannot make any changes anymore. We are like, yeah, but we need to make changes still because what are we going to do in that freeze period? We're going to wait until you're done testing? No, cannot do either. Part of that, we do now the planning during that freeze time and actually what I'm doing, I'm completely outside of the whole release cycle because I'm doing migration. So I just make, it's there, when you're ready for it, we merge it. How do you say, you decide when to release, I'm just making it. You can make in advance, there's no problem. No problem, so you're making another branch where it's production and it's just the minimal things, only the website. And that is what you should do. You should, but you should not, how do you say, I will send you, actually they are already in the set that I sent you, rules on versioning and release management. They are there already. Then I should have them because I copy pasted yours and edited it to be for mine. Yeah, but just go and I will send that one again. But what is, how do you say, what you have is you make your features on a feature branch. Do you split off feature? That I totally get, I will implement it, no problems in making branches for the things. And then you have, I can show you how the release branching goes. To be honest, I will just make an even branch where I'm fully developing everything. Yeah, yeah, but still in the end you need, okay, hey, this one I can put to, how do you say, development, blah, blah, blah. But at some moment you have, okay, now freeze, no more changes and whatsoever and only fixes. Because what you get then is you have here your development branch where you do new things, but you will find errors in the existing ones. Yeah, I will do that. And that one you need to fix on that release, not you put the whole new development and you put it in there. You don't need to show me. That's essentially what I'm doing, fixing issues while doing the development. Yes, but the thing is those fixes, they need to be on their own holdfixing branch and then a number or whatever that you gave to that ticket. So you have your holdfixes, your holdfixes are on the release branch. Your normal, your fixes are on when you have a branch that you think is done, but you're finding errors during testing. That is like fix, fix, fix, fix, fix. Making the additional branches for the things is also a problem because I just tell it to analyze the changes and commit according to what they are for. Yeah, yeah. But how do you call that? You need to, how do you say, you need to, how do you say, we are adjusting to that one also recently and we are still rolling that one out at Energy 21. But it is way better if you work like that because you get, you see from, okay, these are my fixes, these are my holdfixes, these are my feature branch and this is my release branch. I have a development branch. Can I bring my laptop to open that document that you're going to send me? Yeah, I have a development branch and a release branch. I will use more branches and pull requests and split it up more. Yeah, yeah, but that is to develop just a feature and what so ever, develop it on a feature and how do you say, lock to the release branch. So the release branch is what is stable. That is the one that in principle, the only one that you're working with, not with the development branch and what so ever. And so that would be the branch that I have to change how I like it. In principle not even because the release branch is the one maybe with a fix and what so ever that you can still put in there. You make your own branch where you do other styling, cleaning, making it pretty and then you merge it to the release one. Yeah, that is how you do that. But that is in principle a fix, a holdfix one because you're working on the release branch. A holdfix is mainly after release. And now in that file that you sent me that has all the features by rollers and things like that, I can put priority and maybe not necessary to discard the things that are not necessary. Feel free to do whatever, I will use it as input work on those things. When they're all done, I'll ask you to ask for more things to add and I will do that until it has no idea of what to add anymore. But the priority for what to add, you should do that together. It's good that you let AI come with your ideas for what can we add more and what more, what more. But you should together decide what that's going to be. And it's not something... And it's also working on how do you say, get those feature lists in advance from okay what are the features, what is the priority things. And go to Sofia from hey, which of these things are for you important? There I think I'll listen to them. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's good that you have them. You know what is funny that Ale said yesterday that I can make like a whole thing, like a whole message for Ivan and he will just input my message on the AI. Yeah. Make the AI answer me. Yeah. And then your AI is picking that message from Ivan, corrects it and sends it back again. And then it's like clone, clone, clone, clone, clone. Good, now we have seven Ivans. Because we're only communicating with AI. Also in the future I love the messaging to the people who will be straight up AI. A lot of it. It's not all of that but I had my discussions today also again so. Straight up all of the initial contact, why not have the AI. Fully detailed, nice personalized message. It's like you get beautiful written messages and that are then okay coming on the other side. Hey, can you recap it in five lines and whatsoever. Which one do you want, the five line point or do you want the document? But it's becoming common. Please, release management, how do you say, you're going to then apply that one. How do you say, planning or features, plan them. I will then with these features I will make like what are the priorities, what I need, what I need for each release. Yeah and the thing is I think, how do you say, we have a release cycle of three months. So every three months we have a release and most of the time it's more than three months. And that means that you have four PI program increments per year. And I think you can actually make it in two months. Maybe even one and a half months. The thing is when you have a talk about sprints and I think a sprint from you, with us a sprint is two weeks. And maybe one week is already too long for you. So in the beginning of the week you sit together from hey these are the features that we want to do. You hammer them through and then next in the PI you said from hey this is the product or whatever we want to work on. Because now you work on this one, it could be a different product every month. Now what we should actually also be focusing is the courses for the polytechnic. Yeah. And when is the class? Yes, I have a class on the 18th. Yeah, that is what you do, the scrum planning, blah blah blah, who's going to do what, when. If you don't prepare anything, don't worry, I have the base ready. I don't understand what you want me to prepare. So what are the basic things that the random aunt is teaching you from the first class? The next class is how to use Cursor to program basics. The third class is how to use AI to use AutoCAD, whatever you want. How to use Gamma for presentations, shit that for college. I'm going to do this in the same way because what you have there are courses for each engineering. I don't have to be so bad at it. I can just go to the courses to teach how to use Cursor, how to use Cloud. The basic things are the things that everyone needs to know. And then I get to the part of how to connect. For example, aeronautics people use AutoCAD. AutoCAD, MCP, boom, I showed you an example, that's all the class. The percentage of students that are for mixed careers to decide what to show. For example, aeronautics uses AutoCAD, so AI, MCP for AutoCAD, boom, just show that one. No need for any hardcore specific details. What I can then prepare is maybe some Google forms for the first class and all the materials for the first class. First, a readme file where they have all the links from where they have to download all of the things that we're going to be using. And then they have forms so they can complete with what career they are for, from and what they are most interested in learning. All this info will be given to us by the students. And if that's for the students? No, I'm just asking if you have your business cards. From Google that completes the people? Yes, from this career. What career are all those data? I don't know, maybe if we're online in class and we have a lot of contact with the students, I'll send them a form that completes them for a while. That's cool. Because I think you can ask them what they think about you. Send me the data you want and I'll ask. And if the registrations are done, how many students from each career? I can spend time with you and ask you directly, but send me the questions and I'll send you the data. I'll send you the data. But the data of what careers are, what semester are they, they should be able to give us everything. And I don't know that. I'm not going to tell you that one. Because he is a teacher and he is on the school, he's the one teaching everybody AI and how to use AI. And he already, when I was talking with him, he was like, you can use AI to get dumb, get smart. You choose which side you want to do. But there is a specific way how you can teach the students to use AI to make them think. Talk with Patrick. He is more than willing to help you. Don't worry. But do contact him. Okay. Yeah. How to teach them how to use, what was the name from that app? Notebook Learn. For example, there are many ways on how to use AI. The first one should be the difference between a chat GPT and an IDE like Anti-Revity or Courser. Simple stuff like that. Doesn't matter which chatbot you use, they are all the same. Every month a new king gets crowned. That's going to be Google for a very long time. It doesn't matter. Whenever you want to try another one, feel free. This is the difference between chatting to a bot and an IDE that can make you hide some folders. Here you cannot enter. This is also from Hey. You can lift a field. This and this we can teach you also. But for that one, how do you say? You need to make an appointment for... For that one, give classes to the students and they don't charge much. And prepare everything. Anything you prepare, imagine it is for people who don't know anything about AI. And all the extra details for the tutorials I add later. How to make a design of an alien with MCP. I do a flat triangle. All the generic stuff that is the same for the gray aunt. Prepare everything. LME notebook, gamma, cloud, jbt, gemini. Make some images that you just threw in gemini so that it tags the video. Throw in a flat gemini and the problem is... I didn't want to see a video or photo and I didn't want to do that. You are going to do your presentation, here you have better photos. You have to do a presentation or something. Or you are looking for a background image on Google. Maybe it is like that, but... Gemini is a general type... You show something that you generated. I already mentioned the website yesterday. Something that I also feel sometimes is that... Ivan is a lot of... I feel like I am not necessary. I feel like... How many things is he not doing? I am not necessary. Look at the things that are giving me a hard time. That's the thing. I don't want to be doing the things that he is too... ...fajero to do. I feel like the things that I do also are important. That's usually. The thing is that your place is a different place. How do you call that? Your is way more closer to steering. Which will be a good lesson. But on the other side is the customer facing. You are way more... How do you call that? How do you say? Understanding what the person wants. Or how do you say? Learning that. Learning that. It's a different side of informatics. It's a very important one. And now you have one, but in principle someone will be more. Do you feel like that is like that? Sure. You should listen also to Kirián. The thing that she mentioned today was you changed... The coloring from the website before was too dark and hackery. So I put it, I critiqued it, said make it more vet friendly. Use light colors, greenish. Perfect. But a lot of those things is you need to do... Are some things you do alone, some things you do together. I mean words have meaning and communication exists because of that. And you said it is ready. So I was like, oh, you're not going to change it anymore. The vet's page is ready. The page of us is not. It's the one you edit. What you're learning is the definition of ready. The definition of how. You have to specify. Talk, be specific. And that's why we use quality gates. Because we have noticed already. So far it says one thing, management hears completely other thing. The communication there is always problematic. Always. The page was not ugly. You know later that it is not ready. No, but for that one you have what they call... For me it was not ugly, it was in dark mode. If you put it in light mode, chill too. It's the same thing, you don't have to complain about having the same colors in the light. No, because I was going to change everything to white, but it was something I was already doing. You are aware that I'm not following anything of the Spanish part. No, for me everything was just in dark mode. You can just put it in light mode and it's done. For me it was just changing everything that's black to white. But now the whole layout changed. Because you can have also like different teams and what so ever. But you probably will have that anyway when you have different vets or whatever that they use it. Yeah, but that's different. Every vet has their own theme. But our page is our page. I love the base vet pages already. Our page is done-ish. It needs to have marketing applied to it and make it look prettier and blah blah blah. Go put your critique. I'm going to do this change, this change and this change. For me it was more like, makes no sense for me to change the marketing side. Because I would be like, cut the telephone each time, change it yourself and be done with it. Yeah, but... I mean if you are going to prompt me, just prompt straight up the AI. Yes, but again, it's not always as easy. Remove this thingy, change the color, make it white. Yes. I can debate you. I can debate that it's not that easy. And then maybe I change something. And then everything breaks. And then I'm crying and it would have been really just easier for you to do it. That's why we have kids, so you cannot break anything. Perfect opportunity to learn how to change it. Luckily the company from here doesn't care if it's broken or not. I think management disagrees with it. Yeah, but sales management, sales management is breaking. But management... Management knows its limitation and has the slaves to do it. The slave is there, it's AI. Do this. Change the color, remove these tables, I don't like them. Make a widget of this pricing. In half a year that will be not a problem. And maybe even faster. Right now it's not a problem, literally. I know, but at this moment it is. Yeah? Be kind to your sister. I'm just a baby. Yeah? I thought she wanted to be treated as a grown up. What will Andre Andrej say? Don't come with those moms, dude. What will David Andrej say? I don't know. It depends on you. He would already be impressed with what I can do, okay? I think so, I think so. For an 18 year old. I mean you put their website with whole store management and whatever in it already. Yeah, yeah. That is something that takes three months to make. I just have to stay at least... No, not two weeks. You know, but I'm also not... how do you say? He's just joking because I asked him if he would be finished in two weeks. Yeah, yeah. Keep in mind, Dunne Kruger, you're not a vet. You don't know what's going on in the vet store. It's not your field of expertise. So... The vet is actually bringing my cats back today. And then I will show him the features by role and I will maybe ask him like, hey, since we're doing this for you for free... No, but normally there is no problem in going in and get that feedback. Through the features and through the feedback of how it looks. And if the vet and management agrees that something is completely useless and unnecessary. Maybe it is unnecessary. Even like that, how do you say? Not... It's you want to show only... you don't want to distract. You want this is what you're needing for the task. This is what you need? This is nice to have. Yeah. And some... Yeah, that nice to have differs from all of them. Also watch out, since another thing is to not make... You make now an app that does everything inside. Now you have your store management thing in this. Let's say you are... At some moment you need to maintain that and all those things. Yeah. And you can have that as a module that is also used in other places. We will. I know also lots of... You're keeping that in your design already. Everything is abstracted as possible. So I can copy paste it not only for vet clinics, but later for normal clinics for humans. Yeah, and then there's one thing... That one, you don't... I find it the less interesting one, because I also would hate it because extra stress on fucking humans. Yeah, but also the risk and whatever and how do you say... Those things... What I mean, what I want to mention is... That is the other thing. Not for normal clinics, but for like dentist clinics. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or for eye clinics. Those smaller, but have less presence, have no digital footprint. And there is just services and they don't almost sell anything. It's just come here and check your feet or check your eyes. That's the other thing I wanted to mention, because Ivan mentioned before... Where is my phone? I need to check for the... Yeah, yeah, no, it's there. But something about selling the information to labs in the future... From the vet, someone said... Which, if you make it anonymous information from anonymous people, sure. Sure, but otherwise it's a high risk thing for a startup company because you are literally selling information from your clients. It's... How do you say... The thing is, you put it in your disclaimer and whatsoever, but you do... You should... How do you say... You should always anonymize and if possible, if you have like... You have your personal data to have it separated out and always almost encrypted. Almost, that one. Not for Paraguay. Paraguay, everybody copying every database and it is so leaky like hell. Exactly, our markets is La Tam and third world countries, not first course. But the thing is, by putting a certain standard of hello... We are expecting you. Hey, I'm... You need me still or not? No, thank you. Think so? Thank you. Meow. Then I will go home and you can enjoy. Thank you. Yeah? Yeah, so happy to be home. I think so. Ciao, ciao! Ciao, ciao! See you on the site. We are preparing the primary thing to present it to the pictures. Me paso... Me paso... Yeah, I don't know what... I think... He's getting scared so we're not thinking... I think on one side you should watch out by not pushing too much. That it's a... Wait a little bit from other people, feedback on that one, Oversourcing it from the... Sometimes methodology, how did you do those things? It's way more interesting than the actual product. Our idea is to first show it to these people to see what they think of it. If they say, nah, garbage, we'll put everything online, make it open source, make it nice things. If they think, oh, cool, interesting... Yeah. Yeah, theoretical stuff. Good luck, how do you make money with that? So you can now show it to clients. The thing is, as I was explaining, they use other ways to optimize themselves. They're already way ahead of themselves. That is just my experience. I'm thinking that they're not using the latest tech and they're way behind on AI, especially in third world countries. It goes fast, never too slow. The thing is, it's still not published. You just use the services. Exactly, that's why, hey, use our services. Yeah, but... How do you say you... How do you say... To compete against a meta, Google... I also told him that, like, how? That's why you don't compete on the hardware, on the software, and use the hardware from the big companies where needed. But then... I just wanted to give a random... Yeah, yeah, just... Focus, get them also focused. Yeah. Thank you. And... And... The data is more dramatic. It's not inside. Ah. Weil, Team. Going a bit way... Yeah, so they went on the thing to a bigger overtone. Yeah, basically at a curated range. If you use the software... Something happened. You will see it when I have it. Oh yeah, the phone is also still here. The keys are the very important part. Without keys. It's like, hey, I'm kissing something. Yeah, it makes sense. And I never have my phone without it. Distracting times. They clean it all. You give a kiss to a metal thing. Enjoy. There are plenty more if you want them. Yeah. Maybe there are limes in the background. There's probably some in the background. There's probably some in the background. What? There's probably some in the background. There's probably some in the background. Okay. I think you have to open the door. I think the combs are in the wall. I don't know how the combs come out. The wall is a part of the wall. I don't know how to put it in. First, let me wash it. How do you do it? I'm going to wipe it. First, what do you think of the text? It's fun. It's really easy. I think it's a good way to do it. Of course, you have to focus on efficiency. Yeah, focus on efficiency.