METADATA: Provider=Groq API, Model=whisper-large-v3
FILE: audios_john/february-18th/WhatsApp Audio 2026-02-18 at 7.50.02 PM.ogg
----------------------------------------
 Now it's recording. Now it is recording. Now it is recording. Yep. Now. I have planted a hook in Sonia's mind. She's gonna be so curious. But don't tell her anything. Tell her only at the... How you say? At the campfire. At the career. You're going to be hanging on your lips, because you want to hear. Learn your teaching skills, learn your talking skills, narrating skills. Not talking, narrating. It's different. Narrating is different than talking. Find out if you want to know the difference. Research it, please do. Anyway. By the way, now it's just okay, I need this guild, uploads, oh yeah, okay, got it, got it, got it. Yep. You learn so fast, so fast. Anyway, what you now have, how do you say, the story, it's about guilds. is you know you we are creating a guild we are creating a guild of wizards of AI wizards it's like are there different guilds are there nice guilds evil guilds whatever but we are establishing guilds and we start sniffing around and we're gonna start stealing the ones that get it and it's not from they were getting this is there are a lot of companies that need that AI transformation and they need help. And you can, you know, train or create that staff, create that machine. It's not making one staff, it's making the machine of the staff. Now this story, it's like an ancient build, it's how those things worked. but we are doing it in the AI way but it's still the same. How different it may sound. Yeah? It's, how do you say, it's, how do you say, as a storyline. How do you say, you have, you have this recorders, yeah? This is a recorder. So what you now have, you have a lot of ideas. You have a software that is used for D&D and also for movies, where you can upload all these data points, and you can create a narrative landscape. No company has that. Now, what I'm going to give tomorrow, To mom, is this story that you're gonna be telling, which person, got a bigger gift than that? Tell me. Sure, let's see my speaking skills. You, you understand, how amazingly crazy this is and is everything recorded This time When did this happen? Now, some, maybe. I don't even, don't think so. We are narrating from the start. No, no, we are recording from the start. yeah and tomorrow we're gonna tell that story where are we now? where are we gonna be? what we need to do together? what we need to work on? oh my god this is stupid looks like I will have to be the movie person sorry? No, I'm just joking. I'll be playing with Sora or something to make a quick video. Yeah, I mean... it's amazing! And I mean, we are on the Korean. I hope you can ask anyone to join in because I think they are at OMA. And you know, the whole story that people will be told there, I mean, they will be listening. And maybe sometimes I will be interrupting. There is a movie, it was a series, not a movie, from the BBC. It was kind of a troll sitting in a wicking shed, actually a wicking shed that is here. And he would tell the old story from Hansel and Gretel. It's like we're talking in a talking narrative. It's like somebody, how do you say, the perspective from the narrator is different. And then he's like testing the story a little bit here and there. I don't like public talking. the only issue is I don't really like public talking I don't like to talk in public and speeches and those things so much exactly, good luck learning it anyway, everything is recorded the day I help you well, I do have 11 laps maybe I will just have to give it my voice but make it as crazy as you make it ok but how do you say how do you say how crazy this all is it will be really crazy when did this happen in history never let's see what i can spit out in one day i wouldn say never because there are other ones And what you now have Oh, sorry, some more explanation. What you now have is... To see the real value. The thing is, you have... How do you say? With the soul stone you will get access. and what you get for that one it doesn't matter the access that you get there that is what this map that is what that was mattering here it's not what you're going to get for that that is nothing yeah the contacts are the best ones because they're going to do better projects sorry the contacts are always the most the more interesting parts because for better projects exactly and that gives you access yeah how do you say you you show one company from okay now how do you supercharge in one year now the first uh two three months they will start seeing this works and that is okay how can i now how can we now set up companies that do the same with other companies now you there are companies behind the scenes already doing something similar You will identify them probably next week because that's the software you're making. You're gonna find them. And then it's okay, I'll do your contact, you know? I don't know, that's the forest, the forest or somewhere where everybody is silent. Watch out for the monsters. know those stories or not? I'm not sure. It's a famous sci-fi trope. The reason why you don't have... how do you say, you know the fairy paradox? Ah, that one, why everything is silent? Yeah, why is everybody silent? And one of them is because it's very scary and everybody... how do you say? It's a very scary forest and everybody is silent because you know that i use monsters outside stay the fuck silent that is that is one of the reason why you wouldn't hear from other civilizations so i would say you're in the moment where you have companies that will be start doing those things but who has the right touches who has the right story and this story is gold it's more than gold This is a fountain, you know? You know alchemy? Oh my dear Singapore! In alchemy, huh? Oh man, this is even better, this whole story. Alchemy, you want alchemists, they want to make from lead gold. That was one of the strokes from alchemists. We are going to make leads from worthless companies that has still some potential that has structure that we can you know all it up you know wake it up and turn it into goals that power that we are that alchemist you know you know how do you say how do you say let i calculate through what i just told you and everything because you have how do you say you have a how do you say, the alchemy book for, how do you say, for turning in gold, how do you say, into lead to gold. This, that is what we're making. But this story is even worth more. It's a background narrative. And that book, how do you say, in social media, I mean, you can do amazing things with this you should run it through those programs that set up a narrative environment you know when people want to create a long series of things that get in or movies or whatever receiving to keep track of everything. There is software for that. The DMZ company can make that. Create an agent on top of that. You can teach that one to tell, you know? Unlock this one, hey, here, if somebody's gonna tell you something, you don't need to tell, you just, you know? This is what I can do. It's crazy, eh? Once my work pipeline from AI is working, I'll start setting up the marketing pipelines. Ivan, no worries. No worries. No, but really because it's the most important one, that's what brings people. Ivan, just record those things, I will work through it. Work through priority and you fix it. Yeah. It's fun. Oh my god, I'm going to tell tomorrow, tomorrow, tomorrow, and record it. I will prepare a few more magic, alchemy, medieval fantasy ideas for this. Yeah. This is going to be fun. Mhm. Who puts better presents than them? Calvin. She will be happy. Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god. Ciao! Chill, my PC just crashed so I'm turning it on again.