 Informatics, programming, but AI, AI? That is what I'm telling. I'm teaching in our company. I am far ahead. They actually rented other people to explain it. And I was explaining to those people how things were working. In our own company that I'm working on, they do not, well, how do you say, they don't see the resources that they have and they're not utilizing it. On the other side, we have like a team, a company, different set. Here in Paraguay, I'm pushing it and people are getting it. People are using it more and more and more. And I asked them, could you have fixed this without AI? No, I would not have been able to fix this one. Or some, yeah, and how would this have been taken if you would not have used AI? Okay, like two, three. You're talking again about what you are doing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. Please keep things. And the one, anyway, you need to know your competitors. It's just a basic thing from who are playing in the market. So then you need to take, okay, which one can have, how do you say, use Paraguay as your training ground. Yeah, to get a little bit familiar. Then if you are, how do you say, once you're on the level, how do you say, you need to get to a certain level that you can give this explanation that I'm giving to other people, to a bigger audience. You can give all those chats that I have been giving to you. You can use it as base material to make those chats. If at some moment I need to help out with some of those chats, because how do you say, they have a one-sided, they normally have the one that is good in talking doing the talking and the one that is good in development doing the showing how everything is working. If you take a look on Silicon Valley, by the way, what's that theory? You see there's always like the famous team that they put together. There's like all those teams are just copies from each other. It's like, you have the Asian guy, you have the, how do you say, the... Don't worry, he's artistic. How do you say, you need the one that is talking, the one that is showing, the one, if you have like a course that is helping out and explaining things, there are different people doing different things. But that is when you're giving courses. And I see in NSE21 that the pickup from use of AI is very, how do you say, very limited. They can do way, way, way more, way better, way faster if they would use AI more, but they are not. And you cannot push people. That needs to come from them themselves. You can only show them, hey, this is how you do this. This is how you can fix this. This is how much time to fix this one. You can show those things, but at some moment, it needs to come from the people themselves because they do see that as a fear of their job. Because say AI is gonna take my job. Yes, AI is gonna take your job if you're not, how do you say, Google. If you're not making AI do your job. Exactly. I see that there is more work coming, but there are more people able to do so. You get exactly the same problem what you had in the past. You get a lot of idiots in the field that do not know what the fuck they are doing. We had a lot, yeah. It's when there is a high demand, they are hiring anybody. In India, you have really the smart, there's like a sector, really smart guys. They are in IT, all of them are working in IT, but that's a very small sector. So there's some moments, we need more people. So the cleaner and whatsoever, you know how to turn on the computer? Yes, okay, you're hired as a computer engineer. I'm a little bit exaggerating, but that really dropped the quality in India. Yeah, it's true. I can not really relate. Anyway. Study the market. Study market, yeah. One thing that I use in cloud is in the end, that's syncing to ticket, that one can be done in a small Python program that just takes a spec story, copies a spec story, comments to get. There's a lot of tasks that I now let do cursor that in principle, special program that I can just run fire up every time. We do exactly the same and we'd probably do it better. For our website, apart from courses, we should offer startup bundle where we set up all of these rules and other things for the company. How do you say, how do you say, how you could create a course for a company, okay, we are going to teach you this, this, this, how do you say, a little bit of a curriculum where you don't need to work out everything. And most of the time is, how do you say, you probably will get more companies that want to know what can AI do for us. And that is for example, also what you can offer is, hey, we're doing business analyzes. We are, you know, you tell us what your business does and whatsoever and we are gonna take a look on where AI can, in which processes and whatsoever AI could make it easier, how do you say, how it would be easy to use AI for a better solution. Being it your receptionist, that is more or less automated, customer support, but not crappy customer support, good customer support, because a lot of people, oh, I can make an AI to give customer support and whatsoever and yes, that is easy and whatsoever because it's more or less like the standard implementation. But a lot of people do a crap job and that gives a really bad name for those customer support. So it's something a lot of companies are looking for, but there are very few companies that are able to give a good implementation of it. Simple things is from, hey, I have a call and it doesn't, how do you say, and it doesn't know what I called this. That means already that they don't have ragging after the call. In principle, if you make a call, it should remember who was made that call, it should automatically link it to the previous calls already and it has a whole context of what it thought with that person at that moment already, the moment that the person is getting into contact. Almost no, how do you call that, no system has that one. Ragging, you know what ragging is? Ragging. Retrieval, augmented. Paragine. Regagging. And then there's a lot of, and what you want is you want to have a shared ragging system. So you want your conversations all ragged, recapped, categorized, blah, blah, blah, blah. Perfect, we will make a really good chat bot just to go back to other things, non-technical for a while. Yeah, yeah, no, how do you say, but how do you say, at some moment you can have from, hey, this is not like our standard offering for the standard things. Again, if there is a product in the market that does a better job on whatsoever that you would ever be able to do, use that product. But how do you say, it's also from, we are knowing how to say our value is we are checking all those things. We are keeping informed of what's in the market. So we can advise you to get the right tooling so you're not spending way too much time to try something out that we already know that will not work for you. Implementation are like. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's implementation. It's an implementation from AI tools. Like. No, I'm just trying to get some. Yeah, and how do you say, but there are, how do you say, a lot of those tools, they are already there. It's just finding them and, and I think 95% of them are crap. They are all, there's like heavily hyped, heavily pushed products. You know, the draw whatever with the sketch, sketching and whatever. It's, you know, the things that you would be making if you have AI and video AI whatsoever. And they are getting better. The only thing is, it's like, yeah, I would never pay that one, that money for it. But on the other side is to make that yourself and whatsoever, yeah, you're spending so much more time. Just buy it. I mean, let the guy that make the $20 on it, make it $20. How do you say, don't cheapen out on things that also, it's like $20, don't think too much about it. Even if you need to try to figure out whatsoever. Yeah, that's what I told him also, to just buy the other platforms we need, for good hosting or good other services with MCPs or shit. Yeah, if you need services, but always take a look from the eye, is it worth it? You know, always keep an eye on the end of the month, is it worth it or the end of the year? Hey, which services are we on it, we shouldn't, et cetera. Perfect. We will take a look at what other Paraguayans are doing AI stuff, what companies are, what they are interested in, try to market them a bit and ask them, hey, what do you need? Yeah, it's like, how do you say, at some moments, yeah, marketing in how can you, probably said, I mean, the website, how do you say, visual, it looks great. Content need to be worked on, but you would say, how do you say, I don't need to tell you that, you probably know that yourself. It's how do you say, you're, how do you say, you can bullshit a lot on your website, but it needs to have a sense of truth. And we had once an interview with, for some higher up roles, and you have a CV full of bullshitting, and you, how do you say, what my colleague did is, he picks always from the part that he knows, he's asking them. And if somebody's bullshitting on the part that you are knowing, yeah, then your automatic fail on your CV, because if the part that you claim to know on something, somebody knows on that one, immediately figures out, yeah, you don't know shit about that one. Yeah, what is the rest of your CV telling you? So there's like trust call, ciao. So watch out a little bit, what you, yes, you can bullshit, you can put a lot of marketing bullshit and what's left, because nothing of that means anything. That was my follow because of the detail of the prompt. No, I think mostly you were working out of a PR, I think, or like an idea to build out the website, but the only information that was inside of the website, that's just like hallucinated from strategy, but you don't really have. Yeah, exactly, now you need to put in the right content. So that is just, how do you say, if you claim something, it needs to have a place of... If you're going to, I don't know, if you're going to verify everything as a ready to release product, then you're really wrong, because I mean, that's why I struggle a lot to send you stuff to review, because you're immediately like, I'm giving the... Referencing to a finished product, and it's like, it's not a finished product, it's a prototype. But that is why... For example, that also happened at the beginning when I was showing you stuff, and you were like, yeah, but it's missing this and this and this and this and that, and I'm like, yeah, it's a prototype. Yes, exactly, and as a result, I know how to say the level, and it's from, okay, and I'll focus on this, this and this to make it a product that you can use. It's not a critique, it's just from, hey, especially when you make a website that you start putting online at some moment, before you do that one, you need to have some validity in the website. Layout, everything perfect. Have you seen the one from... Personal? Put it here. By the way, also work on QA. QA and release cycles, that is something what you... Because of the fuck up with the personnel thing. If you work with Git as a backend and everything, if you don't do that one yet, please start doing that one immediately. That's the most important thing. Then you can always, how do you say, you can tag it with a release, and then, how do you say, you can create a release process. So these are the files compiled, blah, blah, blah, whatever, or zipped, or whatever your release process is being. It is then making it, and you can also make one for test, for example. So you have test, then automatically goes to your unit test and whatsoever. And when you have a release, it does maybe also the test or only the releasing. Is each tag that you put, you can put rules on what to happen when that tag is set and how to deal with that tag. Get my glasses. About forger trip to the Netherlands. Would you like us to prepare anything? The thing is, in, how do you say, in Holland, I probably will be, how do you say, I'm there once for my father to be there, just visit family or whatever. I will be with, Gerbert is my CTO or whatever, in charge of the, how do you say, the informatics. And I will, he, how do you say, he's coming from another company, company's joint or whatever, and his team is more open to AI, so I will be talking with his team explaining how I'm working and the ideas is they have a product that we're gonna try to integrate. And my ideas is that I will be talking with them. I will, once I teach them how AI and how this project works, and I will teach them how fast with the current technology I'm able to understand their product in like one day, two days max. So they're completely generating specifications and whatever automatically from there. It's like, okay, now let's level up your codes with just some base, some really basic things. And how do you say, it's, once I just teach them and all the time is to show them and this is how you do those things. And then let's take a look on how we can integrate things. That is with Gerbert and the one that was contacting me last time was Mark Apple. Take a look on his profile, take a look if he, Mark Apple. Mark Apple, so you worked at NEC 21, NNV. You mean I have to do it through LinkedIn? Yes, I was like. Investigate your victims. Or your, investigate your competitors. It's all important part of doing business. There have been companies, it was like a movie and they were so nasty. Is they analyze the competitor, okay, which in the competition, which is their crucial person, thing, asset, whatever. It's like, hey, this is their supplier, okay. They bought up the supplier. The supplier was cheap, but that whole crashed the whole company because it was not supplying anymore. Hey, this is their lead developer and what's there, okay. Let's buy him out. So instead of buying a whole company or whatever, you just buy that one and the whole company falls apart. It's how nasty you can be in research of competitors. Don't do that one, but people are doing that. So be, how do you say, be aware of how mean people can be or how nasty companies can be. Companies can be fucking nasty. Yeah, how do you say, how do you say, if you have projects that you're working on, pass, put a little bit, how do you say, if you have a course, you don't need to have 10 courses, but you can have the first three levels and then you can put from, hey, we're still in development. We are thinking on this one, but still, you can just put in development behind that one. People understand, you can put that, if people claim that they're already 10 years in AI, bullshit, how do you say, AI revolution is only happening for two years. Yes, like 20 years. But that is claims that I have, one company was making that from, yeah, our system, we are busy like 10 years in this field. Yeah, you have been eight years, you have been dabbling around, and now the last two years is finally working. And then I was in ragging and it's like the industry is moving so fast and that one you already outdated. It doesn't make, how do you say, especially the underlying infrastructure, whatever, don't waste time on that one. You are outcompeted by so big, other companies, you cannot keep up on that one anyway. Yeah, how do you say, so once I just like courses, tools, sometimes the smallest idea has, how do you say, a small idea executed brilliantly has much more effect than a very big, complex, big thing and whatsoever. It's something you should not focus on because you do not have the effort, the time and whatever to make something big and it really doesn't make any sense. There are the small things, like in a company, okay, how can we, how do you say, to work more efficient? And then you get also the story is from, hey, when you're working more efficient, what are you doing with that extra time? Because when you're talking this from, yeah, we're more efficient, then you see immediately, you see the CEO or whatever, oh, we can do with less people because hey, we don't need all those people anymore. On the other side is from, hey, we can now do all the things that we should have been doing, we never be doing. Or hey, now we have finally the time to make the product that we always wanted to make. There are different ways and if you are going from, oh, we cannot do with less people, great. If you go that trajectory, your competitors will not, your competitors will out compete you within half a year and you're gone. Because that is the reality. That is the fear of missing out what a lot of companies have, use that to your advantage. And fear of missing out, there are probably a lot more, is look for fear of missing out and AI or whatever, what are all the reasons why people want to know more about AI. And because of that fear, for example, they were renting companies that were, yes, they were explaining things, but I know already more. Is the, how do you say, is showing them the opportunity, showing them what can be done. And there could be that someone projects are coming that one and one side you should make them and the other side you should try to spin them off as soon as possible. So you're getting like team of people working with you. Okay, handover, handover, handover. And some of them, a lot of that team was handover is AI agents, hey, make this one. And it's that factory that you're making or the factory or factories that you're making, that is where you should be focusing up to get your tool chain, your development chain set up as fast as possible so you can go from idea to concept. So you talk to them. In principle, you can have that recording and how do you say, if you do that right, you have an AI listening with you, you can give, you can give a command or so from, during, from, hey, that's a great idea to show a concept of that one. So your AI is picking up on that one already. While you are having the discussion with your client and whatsoever. And then on the end of this, oh, by the way, is this more or less what you're thinking of? Because your AI already made everything for that. That is when you have a fast tool chain. If that doesn't impress people, I don't know anymore. Yeah, it's small, small viable product. So it is- Did you see what I put in front of you? Really, Papa, you have, you are professional at talking. Yes, and your password is, make sure, Binit says, Binit. Is it custom or not? Oh, sorry. Very intuitive, you know. Uh... Yeah, yeah. If it works and they're happy. If it works and they're happy, it's good enough. Don't make it that you're happy. Customers happy, perfect. Yeah, categorizing. Yeah. Like, work. That I will say for our to do list. And the thing is, what you want, how do you say, if you have like, how do you say, you have this initial product. What you want to have is this one automatically integrated with, in their, how do you say, in their back office. So it's using this one, hey, this one is the front end, but this is also an API, you can have this integrated, in any tool chain. That is, you know what you put in there. Yeah, honestly, what we are still have to talk to them about is that they have to check this, if they like it, if they don't like it, whatever. If they do like it and they want us to integrate a lot of more other stuff, because they're, for example, you don't have the location of their places or of their user names or whatever. How I would go through this one, huh? This is perfect already, huh? But I would go for it, okay, this whole folder of Excel file, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. You go through that one, all this information that you extract, you dump into a Postgres database, and then you have your file, you click on the file, and you see the, how do you say, how do you say, a recap of this one, and if you click on that one, you get this screen. That is how, so, how do you say, you see that you can go through many, many, many, this is okay, I'm just telling you how you as a product, you can, how do you say, you can, how do you say, make it more useful, as for example, from a button, okay, action points on that one, so that it automatically create tasks on this one to improve or from, hey, to analyze it from, hey, this one is serviced by this person, and they always are complaining and whatsoever, or they have been talking with- That would be really cool, but as you said, we don't make what we want, we make what the client wants. Exactly, no, but the thing is, if we cannot even talk to the client about the price, then why- Of course, I mean, it's- Why put that much effort into it? Exactly, but that is why you need, that what you need to learn is negotiations. How do you deal with it? This is, how do you say, the problem that we, for example, had at Energy 21, when we would send Gaston to it, we would get a lot of work and whatsoever always, because he's, oh, that's easy, and that is easy. Yes, everything is easy to do, but it still takes effort. And if it is one hour, yes, one hour, but you forget to commit to this, to this, one hour is easily one day of work. If you have a whole tool chain automated, then one hour is one hour, because the rest is automatically. Most of the time, the rest is not automatically. How do you say, price negotiation from, how do you say, they know when you are talking, when you're showing that one, you want, on one side you're fishing for work to do. You know, they are not blind and whatsoever. The thing is, on one side, how do you say, and how to do those negotiations, you say, I, to teach you. How do I start this conversation? It will be fucking hard. No, it isn't. But that is what you, that you should focus on it, because yours from how do I do that? I don't know, I never do those things. I'm a programmer. I'm not asking you to, you know. Yeah, but no, I'm telling you how to do that one is to study up on that one. How do you do that? How do you start a negotiation? For the negotiation part, hmm. I'm pretty chill at one. If I'm doing the part of the talking, maybe it's a bit smoother. How do you say, the thing is, who and whatever does the talking doesn't matter. You can, how do you say, have it also like in conversation, but you need to think on it, plan it, you need to play through it. I would say character play through it. From who is gonna say what. Because for example, Gaston, do not make any promises and whatsoever. That is, you know, shut up, hold your mouth, just watch and whatsoever. Because sometimes you want to have the technical person to shut up as much as possible. See, see, see, pick up all the things from, okay, we can do this, this, this, this, and this. When you're back, you talk them to the, to each other and whatsoever. Okay, this and this, these are great points and whatever. You make a plan, use AI for all those things. This and this is what we observed, this and this is what we saw. And use AI to make your plans, especially for the things that you do not know, use AI. On the other side, be critical, because in coding you know when it makes an error. So you will be less aware of errors. Sorry? Do we have the recordings of the meetings with the guy? We have one recording from the last meeting, I think. It is in dad's phone, but it was recorded with other AI. It's still there though, if you want to have it. Not just to transcribe everything, put it in a, we can make the negotiation, whatever, based on that one. You should, per client, you should have a project folder, client project, and then all these documentations and whatever, conversations, you should, all of that one you should log, store. I think now he answered to me yesterday, he said he was on vacation, but he will check it now. And after he gets back to me, I will arrange a meeting with him, and then we can talk, and then I will start talking about, I will start, okay, did you see, what did you think? Okay, let's talk prices. Let's talk, do you want to work with us? How do you say, how do you say, what you maybe should from, not to talk about, okay, how can we make, how do you say, if you like this one, how can we make this, this work together to a fruitful, full, how do you say, relation, where everybody is benefiting? No, of course, I mean, okay, he is just going to take straight, I'm saying let's talk about prices, but of course I will suck up to them. Yeah, no, no, but it's- Of course I know how to talk about people, of course I know how to sell a product. That is what you're gonna be learning. But the thing is, no, no, how do you say, don't go straight like that, and I know everything and I will fix it, role play it. Yeah, role play against mom, if you want. No. Or somebody else. Yeah, but- You should actually be in one of those meetings and listen to me, see what I'm doing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, oh, sorry. Yes. Yeah, but I'll tell you, it's easy to ask questions, or if it's a question you have to say it out loud, and it's gonna be a good conversation. I will tell you that, how did you end up saying that there is a false stuff for GM? Because, well, hey, the AI investment thing, like all the things that he wants to create, but right now, the black end, is the most heavy thing in the competition for me, after- Sorry about that. I'm sorry about that. But I'm also very, I'm like- Yeah. Hello, guys. Yes. But, how do you say, this one is, for example, something that you should put on your web, is from, and this one could be already a product that easily is sellable as a separate product. It's customer service, and this and this and this and this is what we are doing, this is how we are analyzing it, we are putting it in a database, and whatsoever, we are recognizing if a customer is, you can put things in what you can do with it that you have not implemented at that moment, but you have already projected this from, hey, this is our demo project and whatsoever. You cannot use the data from them, you need to have fake data, but you can create fake data easily with AI. Or if people just wanna use this for whatever, you just have a template of how it consumes the data. AI, idea. And like, if you want to use it, you're like, okay, template, want this info? Yeah, that's it. Note for after the transcription for the AI. Improve the comment analyzer project so it's easier to sell to the competitors of Personnel. You're worldwide is your competition. Yeah, no, it's like for here. Yeah, yeah. Like offer it directly to also Clare or Vox, whatever. I actually would not do that here. Internally, I would not do, I would put it on the website as something to do, because how do you say, if things break off with Personnel and whatsoever, then yes, but at this moment, don't do that. Because you are creating a product and whatsoever with them and what's, don't, how do you say, I wouldn't. Because the market here is so small, they will talk with each other. The world itself, that market is big enough. Yeah, we are making a standard product and yes, we adjusted it for your specific case, but hey, the world is bigger. I mean, everybody understands that. The online analyzer for all of the shopping, we say online stores, Instagram. Yeah, exactly, all those things, exactly. But that is the other market. And the thing is, is one side, hey, this is our service that we made and we're, but hey, actually our main job is AI, how do you say, what is the product that you want to sell? Is the product these types of things? Or is it, how do you say, is making quick products with AI or do you want to, how do you say, teach people with AI? Now, if you know what you can make with it and what you can do with teaching, there is like, hey, don't sell yourself cheap with those courses because those courses is from, yeah, it's not those two, three, four, or eight hours or whatever you give the course. It's all the research that you're doing, all the keeping up with things, all the things trying out. For every eight hours of courses, you have like a four time of that one, just keeping up. We have like an expert for DBA at Energy 21. Once we repair the website, have the courses nice and it's presentable, slash all of the materials ready. We will go to also some meetup events and web talks and Paraguay. We send them a bit to everybody that is like doing their stuff there and passing them cards and marketing and stuff, whatever. So they can, so we can offer directly to the companies where they are at, hey, if you want to. Yeah, but how do you say, again, you're thinking Paraguay. They're here to like make it presentable, nice, publish all the details and then offer outside also. I think you should focus mainly on just globally, directly because the thing is, the benefit you have from here and that's why you should be more focusing globally than locally is here the companies are behind. So you are selling the future in the medieval time. So it's hard to sell a computer in medieval time. But if you are in a market that people already know and what they can do with it that are already more cut throat than whatsoever, it's much more, they're much more open to those things, maybe. Perfect, and we will make the website nice, publish all the details and go to LatinoWare or the other conferences. Yeah, definitely, don't do the other ones, but it's the focus, so it's what I'm, use here as a training ground, but keep in mind your training ground is, how do you say, in the rare exceptions from the company that Sander is working for now, all of them are like, yeah, non-serious here. Yeah, one good job, one good project for Europe is like 20 projects of Paraguay. Yeah. The thing is, here in Paraguay, the companies want to sit in the front seat, they want to have a private developed product for the price of a standard product. Now, most of the time, there's a factor 10 to 100 above that one. So your worth or whatever that you're buying is like $20 or whatsoever, but the standardized you're already paying 2000 or whatever with all the templates and whatever because there's a lot more time in it. It's not a standard product, but they cannot touch it. In Paraguay, it doesn't exist, doesn't have value. It's really, it's so hard to sell here in Paraguay. How would you say to market more to the Dutch people and people in Europe? Make sure, hey, we have a staff that speaks English, Spanish and Dutch already. That's all. And Chinese, maybe. They're bullshit on that one. I mean, how do you say, as long as it is real, bullshit on it. They don't need to know that your level is like, nah. Yes. Perfect, then just reach out directly to the companies in Europe. Be like, hey. I don't know how to get the contact, but again, there is research, use AI to find out how can we test. I don't know how someone like a stone would react to somebody just sending a random email. Hey. That's not working. And now, shortly coming back to that Mark Apples where we were. How do you say, I know, how do you say, in Holland, Gaston is the one that set up the NSC21 is one of the ones he's working for, but he is still shareholder, but he's like a minority shareholder at this moment in companies, mainly into crypto at this moment. That's what he is developing, and he's really one of the key players in that one, in platform, not in crypto itself. But how do you say, he's dealing with people that are not millionaires. They are over. They had like once they were hosting in their office, they negotiate with like two of the head players in crypto. So that is, how do you say, access to people. And those people is the one that would hire the one, the company, like the whole company that would hire the whole data center because there are people that have data centers in containers that they move them around to do crypto mining and whatsoever to the cheaper. It's like highly optimized, highly, money, the people of that, you have no clue how way too much money they have. Yeah, I get it. My boss is also like, I'm like, what the fuck? I'm already like, what the fuck is money for you, for my Canadian boss? Cause he's like, yeah, it's only like $8,000 for this hotel for a week. Yeah, they don't care if it is a day, that amount. Anyway, Mark, well, I'm not sure if it was a CTO, CFO, or the, it's not a CFO, CFO was another one, or the CEO, and I think it's the CEO from Energy 21, but he's stopping, they say nice acronym. Yeah, he's one of those C ones at least. Now, on the other hand, like, I heard you say, exit talk shortly with me still. And, this is from Ale, I'm just taking my message. How do you call that? Because I have been talking with him a lot about AI and what's for whatsoever. And he, I'm pretty sure, and I have an idea that he wants to go back into software development, but he is more on the management side on that one. And he has ideas and whatsoever, but he's probably gonna need people to help him out. Now, there is nothing better from helping out from here on a cheap, full AI. You will be able, how do you say, you in a small, lean company is the perfect one to work together with AI, because you, how do you say, you have no existing customers that, oh, I have this little bug, you know, you can focus on the products, whatever that you want to bring to market. And he's good in, you know, getting contacts and getting from, hey, we are needing this one, and whatever, and you can good in making it. Yeah, win, win, win everybody. How do you say, if he would go for that one, that's a winning solution for him and for you guys. But the thing is, AI. Nothing is better than ship that American workers. Immigrants, we get the job done. Yeah, it's also your motto is from, what is your motto or whatever, take a look on that one also. And a motto where you're really behind from, that AI work for you. Yeah, our boss is AI. You should set up also that one. You should set up also, I wouldn't call the AI council or whatsoever, but you should, all the roles that you have in your company, you should create an AI for that one. The CFO, the CTO, and you should teach them with the books on those topics. Oh, by the way, another one that I told them, you know the O'Reilly books or not? O'Reilly books. O'Reilly, that is from the thing, blah, blah, blah, for dummies is one, and you have also the Java book. They have book on every language, on every, they have books, O'Reilly, that is, they are the books for software development, you can have an account on them, and you can pull out the, how do you say, you can have like 10 in your, you can swap out books and whatever. It's like a library of technical books that they have from them, but they're really good. Now what you do is you scan this book, you extract all the tips, tricks, and whatsoever, that's your rule file, and you make that for each book. Now you cannot do that one, because O'Reilly will tell you from, yeah, we're gonna sue you. But there's nothing wrong for you to sell the AI that extracts from a PDF the rules, the most important rules from a PDF, and make them into rules for use for coding. And that's what you sell then, or actually, it's so simple that everybody can do that one, that once the developers will see, oh yeah, that's a good idea, I can do that one. Or you, how do you say, you use the one that you made. The thing is, I don't know for what you can sell that for, but it's probably something that you'd rather do with a Patreon, or, and that's why I was telling from, hey, make sure that you have Patreon, because there are different products that have different targets, different price points. If you have something personal, you know what you're doing for personal, as a completely different price product, then a rule file or whatsoever that they can apply on anything and whatsoever that generates them the rule file from a book, and that can be any book in principle, that then helps them in their coding. But making something like that doesn't make much time, and I think, how do you say, it's a marketing thing that on one side you can get money on, on one side you show from, hey, we know what we're doing, use this one, you know. You have something for free, it's like, you have like the candy that you get for free, or whatever that you get free when you go to a shop or whatever. I would just have it like, this is our template from how we set up our projects, whatever. I think you should, when you have your site, it should be as a site page from, hey, not make it your main page, because it shouldn't be your main focus, but it should be something that people land on and whatsoever, or it can be a completely different site that redirects it, yeah, this was made by this and this company, they click on that, maybe. We would have multiple things thinking to each other out of them. Yeah, and also as a optimization, you should take a look on, I did once, we had those benches that you would collapse in, do you see them more often in Paraguay? I think we have standing around still, so. There are folding benches. We will add SEO, so it's easier to find than it is based on Google Maps. Yeah, I had it, that the site, if you would look for folding bench and whatsoever, I would show up like eight out of the 10 from Google top listings, would be me. And on the second page, I would have also like X amount of references. And being in the first search is already a big feat. Being there like completely overkill there, that is like, but that is, you know, using all the rules that you can find on SEO and whatever and just, how do you say, max the shit out of it. And maybe there are tools that you can be using for that one, maybe it's better to use the, how do you say, I'm not telling make it yourself. I'm telling it is from use, those things, but probably using AI to do those things is probably the best things. But if you can see from, hey, we can do AI SEO, search engine optimization, hey, we can use AI to optimize your website so it shows more up in the higher ranking or what so ever. Again, it's completely useless because nobody's using Google anymore. But for all the people that are living still in the medieval time, yeah, they are still using Google. So. The idea is like all those small stuff. We could try to package those small. Yeah, it is, package the things and from, have a little bit of quality on it, but package, that is for name recognition. Those things. A free course, hey, this course recorded, you can see the recording of this one or we can give it in personal and then there's amount of that and how do you say, this all the courses, hey, we are only giving in personal. But you can have the instruction course or what so ever, have it online, record it and show it. They see, this is what you will be getting and then you can put testimonials from people that followed those courses or that saw it or whatever, you put below it. Perfect, so for now, the priority should not be even the other websites, the things we're doing, it should be our own website and making ourselves more accessible. I think at this moment, you should, how do you say, on one side you have your website and you want to have some references on that one and that is what you now need to work on the coming half year is getting references, is getting products to show, companies that work with you. That is what, in my point of view, a focus should be, yeah, we'll get to the next. I think you should put a new one, you did new one anyway. You smoke or not? Yeah, no, no, now I'm going to die if I smoke. I didn't smoke it, yes. Yeah, yeah, what do you say? Better, you smoke that now and then you get to your house and then you sleep again. The thing is this. You wake up early tomorrow. The thing is this, in our company we have every now and then a drug test, figuring out which one is the best. Did you get that one or not? In a while, when you go to the disease, watch COVID and stuff, not sure if you still want to be there or you want to go with Puzzle? If I'm on time, I do want to go change my money in the store. Thank you. Where are you? You're going to the other two? Yeah, I need to change money and also Puzzle is at our house. Yeah, yeah. It's her birthday today. Happy birthday. But to show you soon what we're doing for the I'm this one thingy, to show you to Erdun also, to show us the... I will show you a little bit on how I'm working now with Curzon. I will show that to Ferdan now. But the thing is, how do you say? On one side you should take a look at this moment is to... Yeah, how do you say? Set up a company. It's also write down the things and also is how you arrange everything. Because arranging things, I wouldn't say contract, but on one side you should make contracts with each other, is those are not there to arrange it now when everything is fine. You make those ones to... How do you call that? When things go wrong, whatever. How did we agree from, okay, it doesn't work out, doesn't work out and whatever. That's why you make a contract. And you should be, how do you say? Maybe not now, but you should be starting to think on, okay, what is the setup of the company? What are, how, who, what, where? I don't know. That's not my field, but you should start working at some moment. Maybe Curzon. Sorry? My view on that side is the first half, like something started. Yeah, yeah, but there is nothing wrong. Don't overload it because it starts leaking like hell. But before hiring more people to do that. Yeah, now for hiring more people, you should start running in positive in my point of view. Exactly, that's why. And you don't need to be massive positive. It's like... And at some moment it's also from, how do you say? If you want to invest, because like now we are a little bit investing in it. But the moment that you have a working case from, hey, we need more, how do you say? We have this opportunity, but for that opportunity, we need this amount of investment and whatsoever. That can sometimes be something that you will be needing. But that is a matter of working out your, how do you say? Business case and whatsoever. It's a business plan, you make that. Okay, with this, this and this is what we're going to do with that one. Which then you can go to investors and whatsoever from, hey, do you think this is a good plan and whatsoever? Or an investor can be buying, can be anything, can be asking. Who knows? I mean, you don't need to limit. You don't need to limit to us. It's you need to set things up like you guys want to grow. This you have now, how do you say? A key opportune moment in time that you will see them more because you got to live like a 2000 years. You know, this is going fast now. No, I help this. If you don't fuck up your health, be smoking. There's a good chance that you will live to a thousand years. No, thanks. That's what you say now. I'm fine with the first 40. Yeah, you know. Perfect for that side. For now, we will then prioritize making the best at night, making the courses, making the condoms, making the templates for the businesses to use. Of course, or later, write down all the ideas that you have, write the go through all the recordings that you have, extract from all of them the ideas. What you should be working on is your digital assistant. No, no, digital assistant. It is from if it gets and that is the, you will see online in anything a lot of those workflows where a document comes in that will make sure that the document gets cataloged correctly, that all the data is extracted from it correctly, that follow up actions are created and passed on correctly. That is what the digital assistant does. And you can then link it in into email, you can link it into whatever where you get information in. It's not the assistant that looks with you in your email box, it should be the one where you're sending it to. You can have also an AI that goes through your email box and whatever that helps you out and whatsoever, but that's something else. I'm just talking like the secretary from the company. I've been doing that purpose, information purpose, like of documentation, references. Yeah, but that is when you're working on coding or not. What I'm talking on. I'm gathering kind of like. What I'm talking on if somebody, how do you say, like you can have this recording and you hit the button and you can see the data, you can see the data, you can see the data, you can have this recording and you hit the button and the AI assistant is already listening into this one and is already making everything, extracting everything and whatsoever. It's from, oh, then we need to do this, this, and this, and this. That the AI sees that one and is already working on it the moment that you are getting back. That is end goal. How do you say? Doesn't mean that you need to go there immediately. It's from, okay, if we're gonna set this up, what is the most beneficial, what is the 80% benefit which takes 20% of the effort? So it's way more interesting than spending the last 80% for that last 20% that you probably almost never be using. If you have time left over and that 80% becomes easier and easier to implement, of course. AI task for the future. Automatically converted transcriptions, the recording to transcriptions by sending the link to Telegram or something? For example, actually you want to integrate with whatever, so you get, it just links and listens to all of them. Yeah, but a place where we know where to send the video. Exactly, you need to have your entry point. Your entry point. That's why I just suggested Telegram. Telegram is a good idea. Yeah, because we do not spam our WhatsApps. I'm sorry. You want to have an easy way to communicate with your AI. And from there on, you figure out, okay, the moment that you have that one, you start changing your behavior because you will start offloading more and more things to the AI and what you then, because you have now an entry point, you can then start deciding on that entry point. How do you say, you can make an intelligent switcher from, okay, this one should go there, this one should be go there, or this one should be go there and there. So you're setting up your, how do you say, your doorkeeper to then forward to route the information to where it should go. And then you can start optimizing each individual agent to do something specific. Now, this is not just for you. This is because when you have that set up, that is something you can copy paste, copy paste, copy paste to so many companies. Make more in-app donations, improve the website. And how do you say, the moment that you run positive, you will not hear me anything complaining. For an hour like this, Kirian is finishing the personal one. Kirian, sorry, Kirian is finishing? The personal one, whenever she talks to the guy. There are website, Ansonia's website, that I think is probably better. What you need with personnel is now from, okay, this is what you should now get to, okay, hey, as a service, we can, we showed you now this one. How can we get to a working arrangement? Or do you want us to have any working arrangements? And if so, what is your proposal? We are thinking about something like? Yes, for that side, I will say, hey, we are really interested in teaching you guys how to use AI so you can do this for yourselves and configure it for you would like it, because right now we just made this as an example. If you want, we can make more projects like this. Just give them to us in a list or however. Yeah, the thing is this is from, hey, we can do this and we can do also more. The thing is, what you, in my point of view, should be selling is the next. And that is the example that I wanted to show you with the DBA analyst. Now, we had for really like for three or four years, we had problems with database. It just doesn't work as it should be. Now, they hired a database expert. And he is an expert. He was hired for a month to fix this problem. We finished the project. And what he did, he set up Red Alert or Red Something. I don't know exactly, which is a whole system that monitors the databases and that does proactive management, which was something I always tell them already, like 30 years ago from we should be doing that one. Anyway, so he set it up and then on purpose is he did not become an employee or whatever for Energy 21. Yes, Energy 21, okay, we hire you for one day or two days a month. That is the arrangement. Because he needs to be an expert. Once you start doing all the benign things, you are not an expert. You are just a standard one. And to be an expert and to place you in that, if you want to be in that expert market, it's like sometimes just production, making sites makes you more things, do that one. It's what is your focus? What is what you want to do? Is what you should be thinking also? I would be the expert, but if that's not your goal, as I said, I'm not the one deciding things, you should. But by bringing them up from, hey, we want, we don't want to be your employees, we want to be your consultants, your units. That's why I mentioned, this is better for me. That's why I mentioned that we prefer to just get you guys to do this stuff. You contract us, we set everything up. We come by whenever if you have issues, it's doing weird shit, take a look what is happening, getting to work, back to you guys. And you will have, and how do you say, it's not just that we have courses, we can also make specific courses for you for specific fields. So yes, that course at that moment, you don't make a win on that course at that moment, but it goes into your catalog. And the next time that you're giving that course, you're starting to make money. It's, how do you say, every, how do you say, a course, you need preparation on that one. You need to, you need to. What they're saying is, first course free. Yeah. Then it comes part of our, what we know how to do if they liked it. Yeah, and. Then we sell it. Yeah, yeah, something like that. It's, you need to figure out, you know, what, how do you say, we offer you for this price, we offer you this course, how do you say, a project takes, how do you say, if you have a project, this is our hourly rate that we are delivering on. Because the way I see it is, like, I mean, the setup part, and then consultants for all of those random things you mentioned, also consultant for configuring the template, like, sure, this is one template we made for you. Now you need it for like every specific. But we can, you see, we've got this one, but we can integrate it in your process flow. Do you want us to integrate it in your process flow? Okay, this is how you do it. The thing is, maybe in the beginning, you will do that yourself, but at some moment you probably will have people or whatever, classmates or whatever, that will be more into the specific implementation. Do like one thing, and then mention all of the other add-ons, additional things that we could set up for them, and explain how much that would cost. Yeah, yeah, we're just from, well, I mean, now you see this one, well, this is easy, yeah, but we can do also this one, and this one, and this one, and this one. We can catalog it, we can, how do you say, make this one stored in the database. We can recognize the same person, we can link the complaints to different person. We can co-link to the service account from who has been, how do you say, who has been servicing them, and with the customer satisfaction based on the ones servicing them. That is just plain statistics running on this one. I almost expect that they are doing that one already, but don't be too surprised if they don't. And I mean, we, how do you say, we had a system, before I went with Energy 21, I worked for a company that made software for schools, and that was, one side to teach, how do you say, there was mainly a multiple choice, but what they had is the teachers would load a lot of questions in that one, and it would automatically, from that collection, it would select 40 questions, random, but based on the topics that they had been dealt with and whatever, students could make an exam to see how far they were, because it's a random one. The questions could be automatically inverted and whatsoever, the order of the questions, some of them would be randomized and whatsoever, so you get a lot of different, you get easy, how do you say, you can automate the taking the exam, the trial exam, but you would not just grade the student, you would grade the teacher that the student had, because the students that were all failing, from who would have them as teacher, you could grade them to the teachers that would make the question, because if you have questions that were always made wrong by the one that knew the topic and correct by the one that didn't make it, that means that it's a non-selective question, so you shouldn't one side filter them out, but the one making those types of questions, they should get a course on how to make a question, a good question. So there is so many, what you can do with analytics and relationships between persons. Before the personnel meeting, we can make a research on what else we could take a look for doing for them, based on the other project they mentioned, researching personnel and researching what else. It's not the database back there, it's just an Excel file and then shows the results and that's it. I am pretty sure that they can give us access to their database, or we can connect it to a database. The thing is, you don't want to, how do you say, you don't want to connect to a big database, you want to, how do you say, how do you say, what you get is microservices, and how do you say, hey, we can set this up as a microservice, you're talking already at that moment their language, or already ahead of their language. So they're from FOC, they really know what they're talking about. What you want with this one is a microservice that you run, you upload the Excel file and that is able then to generate the data that you do with that one. Then you can have an other service that, sends these Excel files that goes just through to a folder, sends them, and fills with the results of the database. I am pretty sure that they just export it to an Excel file and paste it. I think also, but the thing is, then you can have the one that is requesting this data from. Yeah, that's what I was thinking about. It can just be done with an API. Yeah, but talk microservices from, hey, we can make a microservice for this, this, this, this. You let us know what. So it's not just one price for all of those things, like we have a price for this, if you want this, there's another price. If you want Excel, there's another price. This is a showcase. Yeah? Yeah. This is what we can do. The thing is, but how do you say, if you really want to do this one, this is how you want to do that one. You want to integrate it in your, how do you say, in a workflow. You want to have this one. The moment that the person is calling, you want already that this one is already running, that it already knows the, how do you say, that the one on the phone already gets the feedback from this person at this amount of angry calls and whatsoever, he's about to leave and whatsoever. How do you say you can do so much more easily, but that is, and hey, what is the information that the person would be? Use AI. How do you say for all those different types of ideas, smoke one, and then it's just, hey, what if we do this? What, and really brainstorm, but brainstorm with AI because then you have your whole chat history with it, look for, how do you say, it's always good from other ready parties that deliver these types of products. Before you make something, always, what is, who's playing in the market, what are they doing, and why are they not working, or whatever, or why do they have the market and doesn't make sense that us to make the product, or what can we do better than they are doing, you know? Why would people choose us? And that is, what many people do, they have an idea, they start making the product and whatsoever, well, they never looked around what is there already, and then at the end, when they have a final product, and then they're like, oh, yeah, hey, why are we not using that one? And also, while you're developing, it's also good to take a look at, because sometimes you have, yeah, this time it wasn't there, but by the time that you've finished already, like another product that is completely taking off everything. Sometimes the smallest ideas, microservice, small things, and whatsoever, well, fine. You can have this one running as a microservice, people will plug in Excel and get automatically this data. You have the endpoints, like it could be computer. Yeah. And how do you say, how you do the database, backend, and whatsoever, once you start going into this type of products and you start having a more standardized product, you should really take a look on release cycles and whatsoever. You need to learn those things, you need to learn quality control and whatsoever. Don't worry about that at this moment. That is not, that shouldn't be your problem, because you're most of the time, are one of products that you're probably currently making. Git backup, git repository, who has the ownership of the product and whatsoever. Always important to keep in mind, keep it always with you. Client has an idea whatsoever, you own the code. Yeah. Now, for example, we opted for just sending him the link. So for example, if he doesn't respond anymore, or he doesn't agree to a price, to a price that for us is also good, then we just cut the posting. Yeah, the thing is, is you want to keep this one running for your example, for what you can do. This is a showcase of what you can do. What you then need to do is you need to anonymize it, and that's it. And you can do that anyway already now at this moment. Nothing holding you really back from that one. I think either way we can just prepare all of the microservice stuff, make it nice professional, and if personnel doesn't like it. Yeah, but the thing is, is that is for your own. For our own, I'm pretty sure that many other. That is how you work on, how these things work. The thing is, is that, how to say you need, how to say very important to treat it natural. Funny thing is, is we made, we had a course of AI, Tennessee 21, and one of them was using AI to make, from an Excel, which has the standard frequency questions. And what it would do is it would, there's a question coming in, we'll check is it part of the frequency questions, use that data for giving the answer, but if it wasn't complete to give the answer, do that give additional data, whatever, with ChattiPT to make the right response. And that's so easy to make. It is like, I had it already made before the course really started. It was like, oh, these are the tasks, AI, start making the plans, start making this, this, this, this, and he's given the course and AI's already done. And of course, to make a final product, you take more time. How do you say, don't make AI slop. AI slop is good for some people that make their own thing and whatsoever, but once you, if you want to show professional, the worst thing what you can do is create AI slop. The code that I generate now is 10 times better than I have ever coded in the past. And if I look at code, yeah, I see you, this is auto-generated, but it's good. How do you say, I don't care if it's AI generated, but I do see if the quality of the codes, how, how do you say, you just see the- No more codes. You see if a table is made by a 15-year-old or a table is made by a master carpenter. This is not made by a master carpenter, but this is also not made by a 15-year-old. You know, and the more experience you have in coding, the better you can grade the quality of the person, the quality of the code and the quality of the person or team behind it. And AI has still a quality code that is, it's not, it's how do you say, it tries to patch things, it doesn't think things through. I get some, most of the time nowadays, there's a lot of things that I'm learning now for little details, little things that you didn't know because, hey, now AI creates code. What are you doing there? Can you do that? Yeah. Huh? Okay. Like that, you're learning, but how do you say, do never accept a code, accept, accept, accept. Yes, how do you say, accept, accept, accept. Yes, how do you say, you can accept, accept, accept, and then you know, run a unit test and then see what it made from it. But always when you do a commit, every time you need to review the code. You cannot blind commit AI code. It's not there yet. That's why, for example, if you would automatically fix code and whatsoever, you always have a review process before you push it. You cannot automatically push AI generated code, commit, something else. But it's a trust level. It's, that's what occurs. It's, hey, you first go not automatically, yeah, it's okay, and then some of, yeah, just celebrating, accept, accept, accept, accept. You say, do it automatically. But there are some things that it cannot do yet. I really noticed that one. It's gonna take half a year, one year, two years definitely is being good. With high instruction layers, instruction, and the abstracted parts, I mean. Yeah, that is what fails. It is, on one side, good to set things up. In, this is how you do it, but a lot of that is still, although because it learned a lot from stack exchange, they are examples. They are not full working code. Full working code is way bigger, way more complex, but it's getting there. And that is when you, when I first wrote, it's like, hey, create me a game, a snake game. That was his first one. Yeah, nowadays, create a snake game. It's not a challenge anymore because it's spit out without anything. Now it was like gravity game. Okay, you, how do you say, you shoot a ball in it, and then based on the planets, it gets gravity deviated, and you should try to hit somebody or whatever. But that became also easy. Now it's from, okay, generate a whole city where you're driving through 3D generated. And even those are becoming more and more easier auto generated. He's doing that, you know, coding. This is my instructor said, do it. Yes, like some standard test that they run through. And they're running out of tests. They're becoming more and more complicated to make good tests that if you have a test where everybody passes, that is a non selective test is worthless. You need to have a test always where you can grade things between one and zero and 10. Then you know which one is better. If everybody is a 10, how do you know which one is better? I will show you shortly how I'm using things. Okay, you're talking about everything? I'll ask her for a little bit more call you. No, this is for taking to Brazil. When you're going, you're going to Brazil? Yeah. Company tour or what? You're going to enjoy yourself? Did you ask already how do you say vacation off from Bolsa was? I did talk to mom. She told me to not take my computer but I'm still taking my computer with me. Go ahead, get there, relax. You will be so sad if you lose a 10 for those computers in Brazil. That doesn't mean much. Don't start with that. I'm going to lose this. I'm not going to lose the computer. No, but a little bit. Like using a D.O. here. Like you wouldn't lose your phone. Shut up. We don't talk about that. This is more expensive than your phone I suppose. That's why you were freaking out. So get only the things that you can lose. Things that you cannot lose, you need to get way more careful about. You will go to a touristic place in Latam. Do you really want your Tempalos laptop with you there? Just enjoy the fernet and your friends on the beach and whatever. What are you going to do, play video games on your video game laptop? If it is with cursor integration, you have your phone, you have everything. I can try that. No, I'm just telling you, I think it is a smart thing that your mother said from, hey, don't take your laptop. If you're needing your laptop because you are needing it, it's another thing. During vacation, no work. And for the questions you have, you set up your video on your phone. Or cursor or whatever, take a look what you can set up there. Especially alter AI. Think a lot of things. That's what you should be doing. Thinking, making notes. Just ramble, ramble, ramble, ramble. And then you send it to Ivan. Ivan, can you work it out? I should talk to myself more often. I should talk to myself more often. That is one of those things that is also... Can you go show us the stuff?