 But it's not yet the time for it. It's from... Yes, great, great to think about it. If you can't put the metrics on and they don't impact your performance, turn it already on, you get it already data. But really working with them, first build up a little bit more experience on the workflow itself. You will have more... It's worth more and of course when you have a problem, you have to use the collected metrics to know what is the normal response type. From, hey, this is an outlier or whatever. Because at that moment you have been already collecting it. I'm already pushing for more than one and a half year to include metrics in our projects. Please let me include metrics. Oh, we need to talk, we need to discuss, we need to do this, we need to do that. Oh, we need to make sure that we're selecting the right thing. Just one fucking line in the code. I have been pushing. The other lead developer that left already to another company have been pushing that for years. And sometimes your hard-line management is like, oh my god, so many people. You don't have those problems. Yes, yes. I tell him, good luck, you can do it. No problem, change the stack. Anyway, it's actually pretty easy now. It's not a problem anymore. Especially what I explained to you, if you create your project documentation so that describes how your... In small blocks, pages that are like your function of the technical specifications, like pages from one or two pages at most long. And therefore you write. And you reference to all the other documents. So it knows how you say, once it is, okay, this is important, then oh, but then I also need this and this and this document to get the right context. So creating those right project files is also important. It's a technique at this moment that's also more and more in development. We know how it should be, how do you say, they know in the past how it should be done, but we need now to do that in how to do this the best in the time of AI so it's most useful for AI because AI is the one that we use now, using that one to create the technical specifications, to create the unit test, to create the code. And then it's you, text stack, okay, hey, implement, that's fine. And that one is getting easier and easier. The better you describe your rules, your project documentation, your, if you do all those things right, then cloud has no problem in calling anything. It's better than cursor probably. I normally use the blueprints and try to scuffle the best possible. But also I keep always to keep the tasks small. Don't make them too big, hallucinations, even though if you break down new conversations, at some moment you really notice, let's start again. Especially when I have one problem, it's actually not one problem, it's like four problems. So you go from one to the other, to the other, to the other, and every time when you fix something, something next pops up. But no, I'm really impressed on how it's working. For me now is to migrate the current code to C sharp as soon as possible. And I'd say prepping on that one, that can go faster than they think it can be done. I see. It makes sense actually, but because of the way the code is being used, it makes sense actually, but because Python is higher abstraction, language. No, the languages, the program is depending on the problem that you want to solve. For example, we are in an enterprise environment, C sharp as I is a very good solution for it. It's also a very complex application, big. We now split it into more microservices and blah, blah, blah. But if you have, for example, some software is easier to write in Python. It's like the form printed there, the code is all Python code. It's also your audience, what is the audience? Is the audience more amateur or is it more the corporate development? C sharp is much more corporate. And also Python is more, it's not so much to program, but it's the glue to put things together. And that is where it shines. It was also for web pages, is to put the content together with web server to be able to get things out. And in the past, you had Java was like intended for you, you know, for everything. And you don't need a tool that is for everything. Having specialized tools is great. It's good that we have one of this one and one of this one. They have their own use. Yes, you can combine them and then you have one. But if you can, you always want to use two instead of one that has everything. It's good for camping. You get the idea. So that's why you had like a special JavaScript and what so ever, which is made for web site. And then you have people that know the JavaScript and then start using it to make things where they should have used Java for. It's like, it's something that is probably more something from the past, because nowadays it's so easy to switch to another language. There is no problem to start learning a new language. To. Oh, this one is written in that one. Oh, great. Okay. Yeah, I get it. Here's what's going on. You start understanding the code way, way faster. And if you don't understand it, you ask AI to help you out and to explain you from what's happening here. And most of the time, the only thing what you need to understand is to fix that AI is proposing. Yeah, that makes a lot of sense. I mean. Where you perceive I learn more. Maybe two months. Using AI. Then in your study. Yes. Yeah. And it's only going to go faster. The thing is, you have to learn. So that's why I got myself like suddenly already know cryptography cryptography secure keys. Like libraries of open SSL. Yeah, open SSL. And I never because because people are not security minded and whatsoever. It is not. And yeah. By the way, all the side of I can promise you somebody that just has thesis left. The rest of the classes in the poly are not worth it. Like. Yeah. But the thing is, it is now. What AI is going to do is how to say. When you are when you're in a class classroom, normally is about 30 people. And you have like a conference is like 300 people. You go to university. There's easy 100 people in the classroom. That is not because that is the most optimal way. That is the thing is, hey, limited amount of professors and they have limited amount of time to explain you. You guys. So shut up. And you know now how to listen. You know. In a class from 30. It's not because 30 is the most efficient way to learn. No, it is that is the affordable to kids to go to school and to keep them, you know, so the parents can work and somebody is making sure that they are not killing each other. And whatsoever. Yeah. Now, if you go from 30 to five person. Yeah. The standard deviation of the education shift of the education shift with one standard deviation. So middle becomes OK. OK, it becomes good. Good becomes great. If you go from five to one shift with another one. So if you have personal education from one personal teacher, it's not that it's the how do you say it's not better. It's more expensive. That's why we don't do that. You go another standard deviation. So, OK, it becomes actually already good. Good. You see them already shifting. If you go from multiple teachers to one student, you even go once they need deviation more. Almost no. Nobody is getting an education like that. Kings, Queens and whatsoever are getting that one. But not even they go to university also where they get with maybe not a hundred that they get maybe a smaller classroom because they need education and whatsoever. But you can create with you can create with dedicated education. You can get a three day definition shift. What do you think is going to do? It's going to give every kid on the world the same possibility. If you're going to do that or not, it's up to you how much you're going to study. But everybody has the possibility to get personally attention plus also all the resources behind it to get education. And it's not limited to what is it? Six hours or whatsoever or eight hours. If you want to study faster and bigger and whatever, you take 12. So people will be able 16 hours studying. You know what? I don't know. But believe me a lot that were always in the books and whatsoever reading every book that they could get it from the library. I will be using full. That's coming. Yes, it's already hinting like it's. I what I see is, you know, I'm living in an AI bubble. And a lot of people listen and only few that's. Yeah, that's it. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. I think that's the thing. And they are made and only few that's that's what's coming. Only a few. The thing you mentioned there like the research grade version of the models and the final client model. Yeah, that explains a lot. I mean, you could have even more. So that a bubble. The thing is, is not how you say yes, we have a we do have an eye on because there's way too much money put into it. But on the other side, the economic effects from that will be actually work the amount of money that they're putting into it because it's coming. It's coming back. It's not a bubble investing in nothing. There are people that are still saying that one. Yeah, they are not the people that are seeing the effects of whatsoever. And I see how fast I am. I see the things that I can fix now that I couldn't be in the in the past. I see my colleagues, some being faster. Some can be a little bit from come on, guys. I mean, this could have been done in one hour. What the fuck are you still taking a day? You know, the thing is, I'm not going to complain. OK, you're the one that uses a eye to do as little work as possible. The work gets done. You don't hear me complain at this point. As at some moment it comes from, hey, there's not enough work anymore. Yeah. Then you have it on your own by, how do you say, hanging hanging back or whatsoever. That has been like those companies that have been seeing it from, hey, this is a possibility to do as least as possible or to cut costs as much as possible. You will be the one left behind. But the one that never used AI or whatsoever is the first one. Yeah, how do you say that? But what you get also is more and more. What I've seen already is from, hey, I need something like this. You don't download the program anymore. You tell it what you want to meet and it will make itself. It's coming. So, oh yeah, hey, I want one messenger app that want to connect to WhatsApp, to this, this and this, because that's what I'm using it. Integrated. And now I have one messenger app and I don't use all the other ones anymore. Those things, I would say they are there already, but the things like that, that is what is coming. You talk to your phone and you tell them what you want to do and they forget it. If that is downloading an app or whatsoever or whatever, you're not communicating with the top anyway anymore because your AI is talking with the top. They can show as much advertisement as they want. You're not watching it anymore. So, at what point I think there's more automation emphasis? Like... That is what I see in the future the most work, but it's teach people how to do those automations. The thing is, in the end, you will be teaching people that will be working for you guys that will do the automations because, and they will then work very efficiently doing those automations. You can tell to companies many, many times, they will keep having that inefficient staff. At some point you will have staff that is way better. And companies, they switch. The loyalty of companies is zero. Don't be those zero assholes, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, no, it's more like companies like where Avaro was working. I don't know which one, but you're the number. And those big companies, they are like... I must say the one where Sander works is different. No. The one where Sander works is different. No. The group... Sander works at Bueno. Yeah, how do you say? They have... On one side they have the American capitalism, how to run a business, which none of...