METADATA: Provider=Groq API, Model=whisper-large-v3
FILE: audios_john/february-18th/WhatsApp Audio 2026-02-18 at 7.50.03 PM (2).ogg
----------------------------------------
 Hello? Hi Ivan. Yeah, okay. Hear me again? Yeah, I hear you. I'm recording. Yes, sir, yes. It's a nice report. Now, how you say, this all started with narration that I told you in the beginning. And the thing is, what you have now is, I don't know what I want to say. Please tell in that story, narrating your story. Yeah, this will be your better one with mom. You're a willing audience. Yeah. Everything you will record, you will get a lot of feedback, get all the feedback. And then you know, continue from there. But see how you need to do those things. See all those things that you can do with what you doing and and on one side we should be like have like more or less like automatic clouds only on a project and whatever you know my agent section what your agent is doing or whatever but all those things we will set it later that will come but uh Yeah. I will do all of this either way. And if I do it now, it's even nicer. Even, even. Whatever. Honestly, don't let yourself be blocked by any tokens or whatsoever. I don't. Whatever it takes. Yeah? When you start hitting 10,000 dollars, okay, let's talk. But I think it will not even reach there, but if it does, it doesn't even care. I don't care what I want to know, let's say it like that. Because at some moment it's like, once you're experimenting, you're trying things out, that's good, at some moment you have to find the moment when you need to polish it to check the oil it is like version 2 that should be a continuous process anyway but it you get what i mean yeah it a the continuous review of blah blah blah blah blah but it is all the business thought we're taught in a narrative way in a guilt way you know we're the wizards. And we also attract the more autistic people from the companies. I mean exactly. All of those AI, phallic situation dragons and whatever, monsters I mean, with that one you're gonna find, yeah, were in that company, how do you say you can latch into? That is your access into the brain of that company. If you have the rights, I mean you can look for hey which company is Dungeons and Dragons or whatever. You will be amazed. But that is at some moment it's like hey you going to look for your how do you say not your audience your possible tutors or maybe your peers but also competitors all those things will come all those things did Harry say that we need to figure out I mean that's something more kiddy on site that's marketing anyway all those things I say that is it is like you have something to do but you have the bigger narrative around it and then the narrative around that one and then they together into the dimensional call i think this one will be you cannot make you you cannot make it to asia it will be fun today when one comes when jordan comes and kian wakes up You have some close stories to tell.