 get on board here, otherwise your competitors are going to move faster. So we have case studies and we have validated business value impact. We also have what we call the Databricks technical advantage. We want to show that you can do this use case on a lot of different solutions. You can do a cloud native, you could cobble together a bunch of tools, but if you build it on Databricks, there's an inherent advantage. It's faster and cheaper and we want to call out what are the capabilities for that particular use case that makes Databricks the best place to go run it, right and then finally the part that we want to really focus with you on in this workshop today is the ecosystem how do all of you help hydrate that use case are you providing data can you provide uh examples of where you've done this with other customers if you're a systems integrator so you can come in with a more the higher liberal confidence that you can actually not just do a bespoke custom project but you're actually taking the lessons learned from your previous engagements to help these customers move faster right and that's what we're trying to do here is build this those flight wheels so we can get customers to do more with us, with all of us together. So that's basically where we're at today. And I think these outcome maps are really kind of the cornerstone. And since we launched them at the beginning of the year, they've really helped us in many different ways. First of all, customers love them. The first thing a customer asks us is, what are my competitors doing? How are they using Databricks? What What are their top use cases? We also are using it to train our sales force because they need to talk the language of the customer. A lot of times we get mired in the world of the technical team and figuring out the consumption but we forget that there leaders in these organizations that are prioritizing the funding and the resources and all the projects that they work on We need to get to the executives We need to get higher in the organization so we can then communicate to them, hey, these are the things we're seeing here in the street. Here's what we believe are the right things for you to work on based on your objectives. So these outcome maps are helping us train our sales teams. They're helping us get our customers to understand the patterns. We're also using these outcome maps to help our ecosystem partners like all of you. So that you can see what are the use cases, what are the projects that these customers are investing in. Here's an example for manufacturing. You can see there's three big categories. It's about growing your revenue, it's about getting productivity out of your users, a lot of gen AI in there, and then there's a bunch of resilience, like security and financial hygiene. And so these are the use cases we see. You can see there's a whole list of use cases there. And then what are the metrics that we're gonna try to change if we're gonna try to actually deliver impact? And then where are the case studies? And so this is a framework that we've got across all of our different industry protocols. And our team, we have a group of industry leaders, go-to-market leaders that are authoring these. These are, think of these as dynamic assets, okay? We're not fixed on these. We want your input to really understand, like, Do we have the right things here documented? And then also, what are the assets you can build? Do you have example case studies? Do you have demos? Do you have solution accelerators? So this is somewhat of a call to action for all of you to say if you see a use case or a set of use cases that you can contribute to get in touch with us because we want to bring you into the customer And one of the things that we built at Databricks is a programs team where we working with all of our sales leaders globally and we make a bet at the sub-vertical level on some of these outcomes and we give them a list of accounts and we want to bring pipeline to all of you. We want to go and tell our sales teams, hey, if you want to bring this use case to life, these are the ISV partners, these are the SI partners that have done this and we want to come to you to say, hey, we have found an opportunity for you. Can you help us? And we want to bring you earlier on into the cycle, right? So that's how I'm going to be measuring my team is basically how are we bringing our ecosystem into the equation. Our salespeople and our SA's, they have to learn a lot. They have to learn all the products and we're releasing more and more every day. We're not going to go deep in these industries. Like that's not our goal. We want our partners to help sell this, right? Because all of you have experience with this. You know pricing and you You know, drug discovery, and you have all the industry context. Many of you go to market from an industry standpoint. So we really want to help you grow your business on Databricks. So I'm really excited. Thanks a lot for the investment that all of you are making here today. And this is the beginning of the journey. And like I said, we've been getting tremendous feedback on these outcome maps. But if we hydrate them, if we put more assets and content behind them, and then get customers to use these assets, we'll all move faster. So I appreciate you being here today. I think we have a bit of a workshop that we're trying to do. So I think most of you are organized by industry. If you could take a look at your outcome map. And one of the things that we want to do is prioritize the use cases. So if you can, go through the use cases. And from your perspective what are the top from one through five top five use cases in order And then what we going to do is we going to actually do industry sessions this afternoon where we have over 25 of everybody at Data and AI Summit is going to an industry session We're going to get customers to give us feedback. We're going to share the results with all of you. These are the top three things we want to work on in every industry, so we can get data-driven around how we build these outcome maps. So if you can take a minute doing that. And if you think there's things that are missing from these outcome maps, please feel free to add them as well. So that's all I have. The team's here to help answer any questions, and thanks for all your help. Appreciate it. Are you in healthcare? Are you in healthcare? Not really. Okay. All right. Are you in healthcare? Not really. Thank you. Thank you.