 You want to have on your AI agents, you want to have like a post processing. You have agents set up and it will be in a certain standard structure that your copy-paste, copy-paste is just the rules that you're going to change. But the setup of the AI agents is always the same, similar. And in my point of view what you definitely want to do is to enable conversation logging. You want to have each conversation that that one is locked to a database so not just that as long as the conversation is going on is there no that whole conversation is stored on the database always retrievable but also racked and summarized and scored so you have your after your action has been done your score was the answer that I gave what was asked for and if not okay maybe run again but you do a scoring and by scoring it you can also find the low scoring agents at some moment and then you can take a look why doesn't it do what it should be doing you know that is the maintenance on your AIs for that one you start having a conversation you start ragging also your conversation you start summarizing them and probably you want to summarize the conversation and rag the summarization if you get what i mean you don't need the whole conversation you want to have what was it about so if it links with with what you're looking for it will pull in those previous conversations and also what you have sometimes and especially in the thinking things through it finds out oh something is not working oh let me try something else or whatever so it's tracebacks and whatever you want to after if you had like a traceback you want to maybe under specific rules from hey if this happens check the process and if there is anything to learn from it because if you make a mistake what is the most teachable moment is a mistake so once you start recording the mistakes and what you have done you then want to include that in your rules to from hey by the way don't do this how do you say so you can create like an auto learning agent and you can the monitoring of those agents becomes more and more and more automated so you start setting up like a factory of agents that will be running for different companies doing different types of things that is where you're wanting to go to at energy 21 i think we will be running maybe if if we are going to be running 50 different agents i think that's a lot i don't think we're going to get that and maybe if you are how do you say 50 serious ones you can have a thousand unserious ones that are like the AI agents on a project. Each individual project spawns automatically an AI agent based on the rules and the data or whatever from that specific project. So you're not talking to the data, you're talking to the AI agent. I want to make everything intelligent, let's say it like that. Even if it's stupid intelligence, still I want to make it intelligent. you're starting to get the idea what I'm planning to do yeah think about proposals yourself as I said I'm gonna propose to someone this is a whole list of things that we need to do I will pass you every now and then it's gonna take me time to figure things out I am figuring things out at this moment but there are also other things that I need to do and I cannot be full-time busy with it. And this will accelerate and improve and everything. We should spend more time on this. Could be also, by the way, preparation of a course from, hey, this is how you set Cursor AI. You know, a personalized course or even personalized, how do you call that? Instruction that you, from, hey, based on the role or what somebody's doing, personalized, like one hour or two hour chat or whatever, to walk through something, how can you do this using AI? To learn how to give those types of courses Because those are the things they are looking for those things They are all lost They all want to use it and they don know how to use it Want ze zoeken die dingen Ze zijn allemaal verloor Ze willen het allemaal gebruiken maar ze weten niet hoe ze het gebruiken Ah, je hebt hem. Je... Je hebt wat ik... Nee. Er zijn hier zoveel mogelijkheden. Ik weet niet hoe het gaat. Wat ik zie is dat er meer mensen vissen. Maar het is ook de prijs die je kunt geven. Je bent hier heel competitief. En vooral als je dingen begint te scaleren. Je moet het niet als NEC21 als je enige klant zien. Je moet het als een eerste klant zien. En een eerste wilkome klant. Dat is erg waardig. Ik weet niet hoe alles werkt. Ik weet niet wat geld in vijf jaar betekent. Ja, voor mij... Ik wil zeker een kijkje doen. Voor nu is mijn eerste to-do één certificatie voor Databricks, dat ik nog niet heb gedaan, omdat ik power-ups doe. Waar ik ook eindelijk de zesde deploit moet eindigen. Na de twee zijn gedaan, zal ik eindelijk weer code doen. Dus ik zal waarschijnlijk een kijkje doen. Maar gebruik ze. En als je een vleesvlees hebt, laat het je zien hoe je het gebruikt. Hij gebruikt die tools waarschijnlijk ook. Als hij niet gebruikt de koezer, laat hij zien hoe hij het gebruikt. Ja. Ik bedoel, ik ben al lang bezig met deze koezer. Ik weet wat ik doe en ik ben verblijven met wat hij doet. Hoe zeg je? Het doet beter dan wat ik verwachtte dat het kan doen. En ik weet dat ik niet zelf de top van de lijn gebruik. Oh, met name, na het aankomen van al deze dingen, is de hoofdactie een grote refactor van de code. En voor dat, dan... Ik maak de verf op om alle oude en nieuwe kanten te leveren. En dan zijn we klaar voor de toekomst. Zorg dat dat niet gebeurt. Wil je een bier? Ja, waarom niet. Ik vraag Gerard om de toegang en alles. Als je ook een licentie nodig hebt, dan moet je een professionele versie krijgen. Laat het me weten. Misschien van nu aan. Laten we eerst kijken hoe we een gratis versie kunnen krijgen. Maar als een licentie nodig is, dan is de licentie hier. De eerste vraag die ik zou vragen is, waarom niet, als je het al weet, Corsair is zo geweldig? Je zou het wel een goed product kunnen kopen? Nee nee, ik gebruik nu de betaalde versie. Heb je ook de betaalde versie? Ik heb Emilia's betaalde versie. Je zou ook de betaalde versie moeten krijgen. Ja, misschien zou ik die ook moeten krijgen. Dus je gaat het niet zo veel gebruiken en je gebruikt het zo veel tijd. Maar hoe zeg je, ben je aan de beperkingen of niet? Nee. Niet echt? Ik heb het niet echt nodig om de pro-modus te gebruiken, want ik gebruik gewoon power-ups. Ik analyseer gewoon deze koffie code. Maar gebruik je het in agent mode of niet? Ik gebruik het in agent mode, met alles analyseren, met YOLO-mode op. Dus het leest de code, testt, doet alles. Wat je nodig hebt... hoe zeg je dat? Nu? Kijk eens naar de regels. Kijk eens naar de MSP-servers. Ik kan je zien wat ik al heb. Ik heb al wat dingen aan het werk. Maar ik moet nog steeds mijn werk doden. Ik zal dat maandag doen. Maandag niet, want ik moet al die dingen doen die ik vorige week niet deed. En dan ga ik dat doen. Ik neem een lange weekend van werk van niet weekenden deze week Ik ga erbij en ik ga even kijken I take longish weekend from work from not having weekend this week I drop by and take a look We also have my laptop to set up any configuration so it easy Yeah and also account and what so ever, all access, all the things that you are needing, all that is needed. I mean, how do you say, make yourself comfortable. I say use infrastructure, maybe at some moment you have like, hey, I don't need it anymore, you have everything running on yourself. We'll see. I mean, let's use this for now. Let's see when they run from energy, they want to say, okay, where that all starts. I will tell him I will use my time to work on this. So... How do you say? He will also definitely be interested. Because right now, he will also be interested. Because my current boss, the Canadian one. Because currently he just deletes all of the commits when he merges to Maine. Because of? Because all of the commits are garbage. Oh, yeah, I know what you what you're making. Yeah, of course, I mean Of course show it to him and that is what this And like that you can even because this is something He knows then from more from hey, I know a guy, you know, and before you know my point of view where everybody's focusing wrong everybody's focusing in to make things and what i'm seeing is this and there is where you have a competition with from that people feel threatened because it's gonna now do things it's gonna take my job you know that's how people are seeing that they they are threatened with that one but the reviewing code commit law and whatsoever or propose how do you say those are much threatening and that is things that you don't want to do so by focusing on all the things that are not done that should be done or that people don't want to do and that have to do that's the one that they don't want to do anyway you know that's like what the immigrant worker was always you get all the things that don't want to do you know and like that you know you build the process whatever you go after the other thing because you go after everything but how do you say you start developing in a completely different way and yes there will be you know specialists in the company that will maintain the ai you have specialists that will maintain the infrastructure especially that will maintain the ai and whatever you have specialists that will define you know their whole portfolio and whatever because that still stay is a human thing to do you still have your accounting guy or whatever or accounting group but that's happening with ai back then whatsoever but you cannot do all those things yourself even if you have all ai ages doing everything because you cannot be a specialist in other fields. You cannot. You're gonna get crazy. Yeah. Because you still need to see and understand all the outputs of all your AI agents. Bye bye! See you next time! Bye! Bye bye! I'm not nice. Those things from GEERT's project documentation, the simple, the readme's from the documents, the documentation from the files themselves, the company standards in your own code. camel case here or whatever. The more it's according to format, the more it's, how do you say, the more the AI start to trust it. There's also some research on it. If you make sure that your question is in the format that the AI is expecting those questions to be, it gives you a higher level of trustworthiness on your question Otherwise sometimes it like yeah here the answer but I don you know I ignoring your question You know, the data that you added to the question. Sometimes you notice that it just ignores what you're adding every time. If somebody corrects you, that should be, you know, the most important part to do. But that's not how AI interference works. it's like people use how we are thinking how AI is thinking and knowing that one you can then rephrase your question to a question in the format that the AI understands and then by just pre-processing your question in the format that the AI is expecting it we get better results because now it's not the little research and it's like all in the workflows and some of them become automatically as part of the AI input. It's like by simple how do you say I asked that by the time in the beginning hey if you have typos and whatever does it make a difference? It doesn't make a difference because you know with interference it will still end up matching also with the wrong written variations of that specific word. But it's not exactly matching. It can match the difference, you know, you cannot get the right interference and also those miswritings are a lot less common. So actually it's much better if you have errors or typos in it, first fix the typos, then restructure the sentence into how it should have been and you fire the question. It is like... It was funny because we had from our AI group, we had a meeting with the meeting transcripts. I passed it to Matthew. Hey AI, you are... How do you say? Can you generate the prompt to generate the meeting notes for this and this? And so it creates the prompt for the meeting notes, then it uses another model. model I think event for 4.5 to 4 over whatever to do then make the meeting notes but he shares the link that the conversation so it shows also how you do those things that you are making one question with one model get a certain type result and then you use those results together with an input for the other model that's also what you can be doing with the MCP service in an 8 and that you can switch protocols and everything based on the tasks that you need to do, for example. You have an agent, you cannot assign one model, you can assign multi-model. It's like, hey, just basic things and whatever, use this model, and then the other ones, use the other model. Also, in the rules, it's important that you make rules which MCP service you are allowed to use in which step. So because it's like a planning step and an execution step, a little bit of personal AI. And by limiting those MCP servers that you're not needing in certain steps, it gives better answers. Because an MCP server, although it's not that big, it does take part, space up in the context that you're having. Those little tips and tricks from channels that you should be starting to follow if you want to set up those type of... I do follow a few ones. I am already following. Yeah, yeah, I know, but it's... I'm just... You probably have a lot of them to tell to me also and you should tell them at some moment also when we are going to all those things. Thank you. See you next time. See you next time.