 Half year, what are the key decisions that needs to be made? Because you need to also have like hey when we don't reach this in this amount of time or whatsoever then it doesn't work. You know, it's more important to put that not so much your goals or what you want to achieve but more okay to already, how do you say, to put in what to do if it doesn't work. And also, how do you say, and the business plan is also where you do a little bit of market analysis, okay? Hey, what do we see in the market? What do we need to ask, etc. to make money? Or what are interesting because sometimes if you do a calculus, yeah, but I spent so much time, like, money in it or so much time in it, this is what we have in return. And it's only for like two or three months because then everything already changed or whatever. Some things can be completely uninteresting, more as promotional material or whatsoever. Or how do you say, there are many, that's why you need to think on it. You need to think on those things before, how do you say, going too deep. I mean, yes, you need to experience and whatsoever. So what is our proposal? He normally, what is our proposal? Yeah, how do you say, it's like we pay two salaries if you want to lower yours a little bit. I mean, we can't, how do you say, I don't know how much you pay for two but it wasn't that much or whatsoever. Three million. The thing is, how do you say, we can afford that. But then you focus and you really, really, really focus. No, no, the idea is more, we were talking about even the whole what he, so instead of Verdun doing that, he can do that. Yes, but how do you say, I would say from, hey, we pay you and if you want to hire Verdun more, you know, you take a little bit less. Like we pay now what you're making more or less 14 million. So we pay you that, but you concentrate in your enterprise. If you want to have the help from Verdun, you take a look on that. But you start focusing on learning yourself about AI. And even Verdun, I think we can afford that. Yeah, that's what I said. The thing is, for context, currently I'm paying Verdun with my Canadian salary. Yeah, yeah. I'm already doing that, getting less. What? I'm already doing that. Yeah, yeah, exactly. So how do you say how you, the thing is, you need to arrange how you do things. This also is from, hey, is he just an employee or is it a little bit bigger? And even if it is just an employee, you can still later on, it's from, hey, you did really a great job. So you pull somebody in a little bit more, or even if it's for retention and whatsoever, or just from, hey, you have a good relationship with it. But also, how do you say, you need to take a look a little bit on how is everything divided, although it's together, especially in cases when things do not work out or when it actually is working out, and that you get from, hey, it's a typical school project where one spends all the time and the other one doesn't do a shit. Right now is the other way around. Everything and I'm not doing shit. That's right. So what would be your idea of, okay, you start concentrating yourself in AI, he becomes your ayudante and not the main, and you go for it. And okay, let's say, let's do that for a year. Let's see what happens in a year. And officially you are working for VPG, so in your CV you put VPG. People do not need to know what you're doing in VPG. You're just working for VPG. I can just, that's for the CV, I can just bullshit, nobody will care. I already bullshit as far as my... I know. And you go 100% because now is the time, it's not over six months, it's not over a year or two. You need to go into AI now so that in a year you have your $100,000 a month already. The thing is... By the way, I sent one on the... What's that guy? I mean, how do you say? The thing is, normally you see that guy is in an interview, he's explaining everything. And now he is telling from a different perspective, you know, as people in the industry talking. And how do you say? You don't need to make $1,000 a month or whatsoever. That is insane what the guy is making. $100,000. $100,000. The thing is... Why not? No, no, no, the thing is, it's not. The thing is, it's... It's insane. It sounds insane, but it is not. For context, our current to-do is to finish first our website, our courses. Yeah, your goal. Currently our to-do is to first finish the website, our courses, the information, everything, so Kirian can present them in the companies and also me and Verdon. But most of Kirian, she talks to people. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. After having the website done, we'll take a look more in 8N and also to make AI videos because that is easy, has a shit on YouTube. It's... How do you say? It's spaghetti. Yeah, exactly, it's spaghetti and you get paid. The thing is, most of the people cannot dedicate their time to go for that because they need to sustain themselves. They need money to survive. Well, that... even though it's your case, we can invest in that. And for us, it's for having the money in the bank and giving a shitty percentage every month, which we don't get anyway because they don't pay a shit here, or investing in your company. And in the future, you give us 10% as long as we're alive. I mean, we don't care. For us, it's better because when you are successful, everybody is successful. Yeah, and also like when I get money, I'm currently also like, yeah, I don't care. The thing is, it's typical what investors do. They walk around the building and take a look on the parking lot. And even the parking lot is full of Ferrari and God knows what expensive car. Yeah, they're only in it for the money. If the car is... they're only the crappiest car whatsoever, hey, they are putting their own effort in it or whatsoever. This is just a simple logic. And they really do so. What... how do you say... what will be a success or the success? I don't know. But there will be many opportunities. This time is insane in opportunities. And the thing is, we trust you. We trust your capacity 100% and also Kyrián. I mean, she's good. She needs to grow, she needs to learn, she needs to mature, but she will be fucking good. And if you go along working together, even better. That's a moment maybe not... that is something you guys will have to decide. That's why the enterprise has to be on the name of you. You decide the structure. We will just be silent investors. And then... but then, like now you mature enough to go for it. Like three, four years ago, you were still bullying around. Now you mature enough, now you've grown up. It's also... it's a good thing to have worked for some companies. Then you see how other companies are working, you get some experience there. But what you're now in... the nice thing for me is, at Energy 21, I'm the only fucking one... me, Matthew, I'm the only one that are really a little bit near. There's one more. Probably will meet them when I'm there. But... and I think I'm the one even pushing it the most insane. It's like I just go... just go... if anybody complains about it, well, I will show them that they're wrong. But in the meantime, I'm learning all those things. I'm getting experience. But the thing is, I'm still limited in what things go. I mean, if you hear that guy telling also, it's like... I mean, trying to keep up with everything is insane. So how fast things go, luckily now it's a little bit more... how do you say... it's not leveling off, but it's... and I'm aware of less... a lot of changes. But the... I get paid for it. I mean, I'm having fun and getting paid for it. Yeah. And in the meantime, how do you say... I'm teaching them. I mean, for those courses, they pay a shit full of money on all those ones. And these ones are way more impactful. And how do you say... it's... how do you say... you need time to learn it. And what I also learned is this... there are... how do you say... there's a lot of people that are not going to pick this up. At some moment, yes, but you know, now is the time to make the... how do you say... You have the glass ball, you have the whole wizard kit and everything. For context from that side, the idea is to have the website that is up and running, have all of the courses, have all of the stuff we need to give lessons on. How do you say I... Maybe... how do you say... maybe giving lessons is not... that doesn't make sense. Watch what the guy is telling. Because he also did the courses. He did all those things also. All the things that you're thinking of, he did already. Listen to somebody that did all those things already. Learn from their tips, tricks and what they have. Maybe even, you know, I don't know what he asked for the platform or whatever. Take a quick look on how it works and what he has made. Because it is easy to copy. For the content courses and everything else, we are currently web scraping YouTubers that are really into that and just copy their content and send it as a round. It's the same content. How do you say... how do you say... We will get like 50 different YouTubers, contents, everything they said into separate files. Yeah, yeah, it's not easy. How do you say, YouTube, they will also do it. It's not getting it from one, it's getting it from 20, then grouping it and then using the group information. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I would say when you use images, it will make your own re-images of yourself. The what? When you use images and what so ever, re-image yourself. So you're... even it's the same data and what so ever, you're presenting. You're not just screen copy. Yeah, no, the images, everything will be... all the stuff in our website will be generated by ourselves. All of the content will be... Yeah, it is based on existing content. Based on whatever the other YouTubers that have more time to research say. Yeah, yeah, the thing is they have also their bots and everything, following everything. They get in the morning, the daily report and what so ever. They fire their agents up to do this, this, this, this. It's a methodology that you need to learn to set up, learn to configure, learn... how do you say? Learn to automate your life. I definitely would be really interested in just working for AI Whisperer instead of the Canadian. Because definitely better work for my own company instead of for the Canadian guys company. Yeah. Again, like he's literally paying us nothing compared to what he pays the Canadians. Yeah, yeah, but that is his gain or what so ever. But the thing is you can cost you nothing, but you can make the same gain selling how do you say services in whatever country. By the way, take a look on Littau or what so ever for registered company or what so ever. Then you have a European registered company. Doesn't cost you much or whatever. Figure it out, take a look on it. That is what I would do if I was you. From at least that part, I would worry more about once I have actually stuff. Yeah, yeah, but the thing is take how do you say? Do the initial research. It's like for them not to go after it, but you know, ready to know, hey, is it interesting? I mean, you could maybe even get grants or whatever from Europe or whatever because you're European, you're doing research and what so ever. Use AI to figure out all those things. Perfect. Now we pass the audio and scrape it, get all the useful things and then ask for them. Hey, can you take a look? AI for the support in the war for Ukraine or whatever. You get extra money paid or whatever. Great. This is a good one. Yeah. Caring Russians. But the thing is there are so many possibilities, there are so many things, but how do you say? Go for it. But how do you say? Always keep the, how do you say? Good analyze. Are you still on the right goals or the right projects or whatever? Do you need to have make more spaghetti or do you? Do you need more shabu or more cooks at some moment? Also, once you run positive, which should be way easier here than if you were based in San Francisco or whatsoever. And as I said, your market is not just by the way, it's just worldwide. By the way, probably also easier to pay if you're European or whatever. Yeah. How do you say? Yeah, the moment you can do whatever you want. I mean, you just, you need to decide those things while you're on. For me at least, I'm definitely interested. Definitely something to mention tomorrow in the one on one. Hey, I'm going to make my own company. Yeah, and then go for it. And then of course, someone is setting up all the own company and everything. All people working on those. That is something more, how do you say? You should focus on the development side or whatsoever. You have, I mean, where do you have like an industry where you have somebody that, you know, I have all the experience from what you need to watch out for. Many people do not have that. And if it is, it's most of the time, yeah, you know, he knows the only old way, you know, he doesn't know how to do the new type of working or whatever. And therefore people wise, I think me and Verdu would be more than enough for anything we're doing right now. Also for splitting stuff and like, shit, I don't want to do it. Yeah, but that is also why you have to say, keep in mind in the end, you will be doing a lot of things yourself. Yeah, I know I will. The thing is, while you're yourself, you will make your agents to do those things. Like, for example, spending time on making it look pretty. I don't care. I will delegate that to Kirjan. Spending time on figuring out what the fuck is wrong in something specific. Sure, I'll do it. If there are some other more priority things to do, we can see with Verdu who actually knows more about the thing and the other one can do the annoying shit. Yeah, but like that you're going to build up your expertise and before, you know, the thing is, for me, I never, how do you say, I had always problem working together with people here because I don't speak the language, they don't have a culture whatsoever. You have a way more than me. So you know way more people here whatsoever in case you want to scale up. You know, for scaling up later, I will know people that are interested and then they will be also autistic as fuck. I will not hire any normies. You shouldn't. The funny thing is in AI, there's also resources. I just think people are way better with AI than with normal people. Definitely. It just enables that. But same, I also prefer to work with AI than with people. AI is always on time, responds you fast, answers directly. You don't have to wait too much time. And if you have to wait too much time, it gives you a good answer. Yes. No, no, sometimes if it is busy too much, it's like you're running in circles or whatsoever. I was more like referring to deep research or whatever. Yeah, yeah, I know. It's like when you do something, it's... But how do you say, yeah, how do you say your cursor accounts and all those things? Any list of things that you would recommend to set up for the company already? The company plan you mentioned? Yeah, but that is something more for Kyrian. It's markets, how do you say, especially for the things that you maybe want to do. The thing is now you're making a lot of things that is practice. You're practicing. But if you're practicing on something that you can sell, even better. One of the other random ideas is generic template websites for all of the businesses that don't have websites. And then for each business, what are your colors? Bing, boom, bam, AI, change it a bit, done. Yes, but the thing is... How do you say... Those will not pay a lot, but those are quick and easy. How do you say, it's typical, how do you say, it's a market, but you should... It's not the interesting one. No, no, you should take a look on the market of auto-generated webpages, because then you also see, how do you say, what is there already, on one side your competition, and where you can say from, hey, they're exactly the same as that. Why are they not successful? Why I think that I will be successful? And how do you say, it's good to spend half a day on that analysis, then spending two weeks to make something perfect and what so ever. In my opinion, I would just go straight to, they are not succeeding because they are not me. Sorry? Why are they failing? Because they are not me. Yeah, how do you say... How do you say, I'm not saying it's a good or a bad idea what so ever, and maybe it is, but I would do that additional research on it, just to see also from, hey, maybe good ideas on it, to pick out from it, why not. But how do you say, some of those things are so obvious, why doesn't it happen? What's the reason behind it? And this is something for one year or two years, and then the market is completely saturated and whatever. You now almost know this from AI, if you ask AI, it creates already the app for you at that moment, you're not downloading an app anymore, it just creates the app for you. I'm more interested in doing AI whisper shit on data engineering. Have you seen Severance? I didn't see the last... You saw the first season. The first two seasons I saw, because it was the third one. You saw the first season when they are looking at numbers and they are like, this is a very poor, that is me doing data engineering, what the fuck is this table, where is it? Yeah, but this one is funny, this has a funny feel. This query is very big and all of the things that they are using is not valid for Databricks, so I have to edit everything again, and I'm like, can I check if it works? No, because I cannot run the original query on the source. Yeah, but the thing is you have now seen several fields in engineering and... how do you say? I definitely would prefer to do AI shit than data engineering shit. Yeah, but you should also. How do you say? All the fields that will combine at some moment, you will see that. But the... How do you say? The AI engineering is making the engine. The data, I think, is just the oil. It's the oil that goes into the machinery. Because AI is going to use that on that type of data. From additional random stuff, one of the things that we are currently taking a look on is to make Jira more easier to use and to automatically report all of the things that are missing in the tickets. Yeah, I should be Jira in the integration. Yeah, because that one is one that might be useful for many companies. Yeah, yeah, how do you say? I'm... Just, hey, I can configure Jira correctly and whatever, this is the rules that we are using for it, blah, blah, blah. Yes, you can figure it out, but you can also pay us five dollars. Jira admin agent. And there's also other guys talking on this. So, I mean, going to what really matters at this moment is let us know about our proposal and if you want to go 100% for this, tell us, okay, for next month. I expect this. I want to cash this. I have a meeting with the executive tomorrow and I can tell him, you know what? I'm opening up to start my own business. Tell me when is the last day. I got off on the right track, because he has a lot of market there in Canada that you can use. So, instead of saying, you know what, I want to go out, but I mean... I will be more polite and HR friendly. Maybe going still, because if he needs you a lot at this moment, you go 50% time of him with him and the rest for you can also be... you decide that. No, I would rather just be fully AI because that's actually worth it. And then the only thing that we need is you need to present anyway without also a factura so that you can have a reason why you're getting money. Do you understand? So you're going to have a factura every month, I present to the accountant and you present to your accountant too. We have the same accountant. Oh, well, the same. And then the money, the bank won't cause you any problems. And problem solved. That's one of those things you should be fixing every day, AI is responsible for Paraguay. I will go downstairs. I already accepted, no, fuck it, I'll just pay a Paraguayan, it's cheaper. I'll go to Graciela. I'm going for two more auxilias and then to Graciela. Yeah, just ask if he wants to join you if he wants. No, because he's at Guadal. Just ask. Just ask girls. He can call her anyway. I thought he very sure. Or maybe invite her tomorrow to go out. Today is only girls. You tell him, he can always come. I mean, you can just shave the beard, let the hair down. Yes, it's already. See you in three weeks. Okay, for then? Yeah. Te amo. Te amo. By the way, you know that we have a random drug test here in the office. So if you're going to work, so you're going to be here. If you're going to work, so you got some. Now we need to figure out which one is the best one. You mean you're getting them from me? Yeah, you're going to stop anyone. So that's what I mean. I myself see the most benefit and the fastest benefit in N8N automations. Agents, N8N, that is in DevOps. I'm going now, how do you say, I'm already for Monday. I have a meeting with... Meeting with a songwriter. No, no, no. On the end of our PI, you know, program increments. If you have terminology that you don't know, then you know. The end of your screening? Yeah, PI is like six screening sounds. How do you say, when we get there... How do you say, they have like a whole table that needs to be filled in with all the release information. All the artifacts, the executables or whatever that are compiled and whatever. They need to be put in a certain release folder and whatever in a specific format and whatever. All done manually. There are like 50 modules. All of that work is taking about three, I have calculated it, three to five man days of work. Do you have a place to put this in? Which one? The older one. By the way, in case you are visiting and whatever, you... In case you, how do you say, you want to smoke and whatever, you're here and you know where to find it. Yeah, and actually I have three bags like that one at home. You shouldn't have too much. No, I will melt one into butter, I will grind the other and freeze it and the other will be for us to use in the house. For a week or two. I think a bag like that will last a bunch of weeks. Anyway, but all of that is manual and whatever. So I made already a program and the thing is in none of the namings they are consistent. The code here, then it misses an A in that code there in the repository. You can also with your CIACD automatically fix all of the naming conventions. Like convert this to camel case, convert this to... Yeah, I know those things. The thing is they have said, you know when you do things automatically, then you don't have this crap because you already fixed it in advance. But the thing is, it's not something I can fix at this moment. I'm pushing as hard as I can. So I'm talking with the system that... Do you know what I mean? This modus title. Put like a hook that says fail this thing if it doesn't follow these standards. Yeah, yeah. I know all of it. How do you say? I know all those things and all those things that can be done better. Anyway, in... Just using some white coding and with Python. I now made a program that just has a config file where all those information is in. And for each release it's the same, unless hey, they fix it. So just fix the configuration file. Of course, it's just with the... How do you say? It has a standard format and well, if it's different, you fill it in in that one. So that overrides your CEST setting. Completely help file, parameterized, configurable. It can be just run as with individual steps. One step is to download. One step is to download everything. No, one step is to check all the Git repositories if they don't have unreleased stuff in the release folder. So sometimes when you work on the release, you forget to make your builds. It will detect that one. Currently doesn't happen. It will download it. It will check if there are any changes in it or if it's just a version change, blah, blah, blah, blah. You basically have a bunch of things you also need for WPG. No, no, this is just a... These things you just make Python programs for that one. Because this is just a flow that needs to run. But it's... Watch out, watch out. Because don't touch this. There you can hang up as much as you want. The... I already said it's something that takes three to five man days of work. I made it one and a half day. I made automatization that will do this always. But now instead of doing this in the end of the PI, you can run this every day. You can run this every commit, whatever you want. You can have a continuous release. Anyway. But to get it running, you know... I need to have an on-drive setup. I need to have access to that one. You know, it's a process that's... Probably getting that access right is going to take me more time than making a whole fucking program. Anyway, but I'm now talking to the system. The system is like, ah, we have a tough time. Ah, I'm too busy. Ah. So, hey, let me help you guys try to get the organization to do this. Let's learn you how you can use AI now in your system administration. And at some moment you get a lot of that one. It's just automation of tasks. But it's just funny how fast you can make an application. And I didn't code no line at all. Zero. I take local hero there, but... I know. I told the same thing. I know. I told the same to every non-informatics people. I'm like, bro, literally use this for anything you want to do. You need a random thing. Yeah. And the thing is, just give advice to autistic people because normal people, they don't. All of my friends are on the spectrum. Yeah, they should be using it. Yes, I do note all of my friends are on the spectrum. I'm nearing. Anyway. I'm not sure where your bone is. Oh, bone. Do you want... Yeah, nice. Because I have the bone also standing there. This one is chill. Now, the thing is with N8N, you're creating a lot of value for a company. In a copy paste way. In just copy paste way, exactly. And a lot of those agents, you probably can copy from a lot of those sites already. Also, like, when you're getting into N8N, I will just pay a subscription for a bunch of those republished sites. I actually think it's not a bad idea to do that for some of them. I don't know if that guy is the right one. I will do it for 20, maybe 3. How do you say? It doesn't make, because what you're doing is you're going to create information overload anyway the same. Because they have been copying also from each other. If they have from, hey, this is an all learning AI agent and whatsoever. Ragging is very important. After you have figured out N8N. Then it's integrations and making your own MCP server, how to make an MCP server, having MCP server on Python. You know, practice make one and we're already doing most of our shipping Docker. Yeah, exactly. It's how you say, start technology wise always correct. Also, there's a lot of seeds in it. My first. Better always take that leaves. And how to say, it's good that you work with Docker. Oh, every project that you start immediately create a Git repo. We are the only one Git and we don't make a Git for everything. Yeah, yeah, but it is what I notice is that it's sometimes too complicated at Energy 21 to create a Git repository. And as a result, you start doing a lot of work away with which goal, not us, but I mean you do with all the steps. Yeah, we are already using Git. The first thing I did was, OK, do we want to use Git with Git board thingy or just move with Azure DevOps or with Jira? Which one do you use? Git with Azure DevOps, but Azure DevOps mainly because it's what they're doing in like current company. Yeah. And I was like, OK, I'm familiar with this one. I like it a bit more than Jira. The thing is, we, for example, use Azure, but we are not using the Jira next to it. We're using Microsoft for Git and whatever, but not for ticketing and whatsoever. And how do you say, there are other alternatives than Jira. Jira is not as great as it may look like. And currently I go for the cheapest solution that does what you want to do. Azure DevOps. You can just put the board there. You can do it straight up in GitHub. Yeah, exactly. How do you say, have your collab environment set up? I mean, that is what I was pushing you guys to do. And where do you work in Git? Kylian, do you also know how to use Git? Do you need a bit more of, do you not work in the main branch? Oh, yeah. Always for every ticket created a sub branch and for every release created a sub branch. It's more like we have long tickets currently. It's just get this shit to work. Yeah, yeah, but that is what you should be starting to do. That's why you start needing to, you know, everything great what you do now, both starts with using a ticket. But you should be, everybody is able to create the tickets, no problem. My idea is not even have to write ourselves the tickets. I know. That they ask you to shoot them in, have for every module, have your own projects. You just, okay, hey, we got a new release, okay, we're adding this. And what you're doing then, if you set it up really correct. My idea is to just be like, this is the project, this is everything we want to do. Just work on the documentation, let the, I make kind of the G-Rash shit. And then like the, I do all of the coding shit and then I do all of the testing shit. Yeah, and there are some steps in between that I will picture out. But if you have that one already set up, you're already 80%. Yeah. Yeah. You want to put some refinement steps in it. It's like what I made is, for example, for the release manager module. I initially made some features, made the code based on those features. Do we have, yeah, that one you filled, huh? Not yet. No, no, I mean this is the, how do you say, after it creates those features, at some moment you're okay. Now you see what it makes. Okay. And then you, how do you say, that's where you start brainstorming. You like the book and then it's okay. Hey, this one we should do different, you know, make a feature for this, make a feature for that. Oh, and you have your standard feature set that you have already. And I always have, always this, always that, always the code documented. And for example, documentation is just an engine that just goes in a loop over it from A is the documentation that needs to be done. And then it checks in synchronization, documentation and code. Is it in line or not? Is everything covered with unit tests or not? That is just NNN automation that are running. And they are starting, because we're starting a little bit with background agent, I didn't get why you were not doing that. How do you say, someone with their free time. Like I released it in my free time, but my free time is gone because I'm like, oh, we are behind on this shit, on this release, on this other thing. Which is always the case in the release. So, by the way, really watch the one that I sent you. It's a really good one. It matches what I'm looking for. Did you have a voice? Dad told me. How do we have time to look it up? There are some marketing videos for the companies here. I see a link for the videos. I drove so much today, I'm tired. You drank so much? I drove like I went from here to Lambaret. Can you imagine that you had to walk there? Yeah, I went from here to Lambaret, from Lambaret to El Centro to my university. You got tired from moving that wheel the whole way around left and right every now and then. Imagine just chilling at home and doing AI videos and getting paid. I have to do something. We have class in another, like a TV studio today. By the way, we helped with the program. We were in production this time. I'm going to be on TV Friday and Saturday. I don't think we have any TVs to see. Yeah, I know. And... I have great news. Yes? Do you remember the stage we had a lot of problems with the university? Sorry, which one? Stage... Yeah, yeah, yeah, that one. Is it true or not? Yes! My wits of almost not sleeping. If you are down to make AI videos with Sora, I think there's a market for it. We can pay Sora any video you sell, keep a good part of it. My ethics are in a bit of conflict with that. Either you get paid or somebody else will. I know. The thing is, you will not hold it back. And what you see is wrong. It's an enabler. It's something that gives you a tool to make things. The thing is, in the past, there were people that had a great story in their heads. But they couldn't express themselves because they didn't know how to... Mama Ne. Mama Ne. Mama Ne. Mama Ne is a great story. But that is a bigger enabler. And still, there's only a very few, a little amount of people that... How do you say? That pick it up, that go for it. I'm just surprised how much people are... At most, they used to make a deeply picture of themselves. Yeah, play around with it, but for serious. If you know how to say it, there are so many developers on one side that they see what they can do with it and then at work they don't use it. I mean... I try to use it as much as I can. But... The lack of context that I get makes it impossible to really use it. Because I don't get enough context to pass it in context. It's like, this is a kind of broken ticket of Jira that doesn't have all the information you need. Really? Guess what this queer is trying to do on a planet. Yeah, sorry. Maybe I have already too much... Those pants are nice. Nice and warm. Yeah. Oh, you see the Josh Jones shirt. Great. He still is American. Yeah, and now in the... Here is my work. In the halftime of... Oh, smoke. This is Carlos. Carlos was really high in Brazil. Yeah, so he engaged here. Oh yeah, here, well, he had brownies. Yeah, he had made brownies or something. He had made brownies with like, so many grams of can of butter. In those simple automations, you can make them very fast with Python. Don't use C Sharp for that one or whatever. That is the things that you do with Python. Once you set up your standard way of working, you shit out those automations like cookies. I mean, you make one a day or you make two a days even. I mean, I made now one, but if you have half of that one already pre-coded... I can also spit out your end-to-end. Yeah, I know. I know you have the end-to-end integration. That is... How do you say when you have a company, it's for, okay, we need this module, this module, this module. How do you say you're going to create at some moment a factory of agents? Yeah. Or a factory of factory because the whole end-to-end configuration plus maybe whatever side configuration, that this is proof, this is an AI company. Oh, now we are a lawyer firm, okay, change this one. With that one, change it. Now we're a lawyer firm, but you have the whole back office, everything automated with AI. And you don't want to do always everything with AI. You only want to make the unpredictable parts you want to code and do with AI. Everything predictable, you want to code with a Python program doing so. And you can even identify that automatically because the company is running. Okay, when an agent is 100 times used, okay, we're going to automate this task. You put your boundaries, whatever. I mean, all those things you can automate. Once you have your first set running, that's also why you shouldn't stay at one company. You should be at one company, you should be able to help them in the back office to automate the DevOps. I mean, at NSE 21, it's a company from almost 100 people. The system team is not able to do the DevOps in a quality way, as they should be. I mean, and this is an IT company, huh? Think about any other companies. Their IT staff, their dev staff, even if they are good, maybe if they are outsourcing it to a big IT firm or whatsoever that has all those dogs in a row. But many companies that don't have that one, that are running by themselves or whatsoever, that have their own IT staff or whatsoever, you can help them automate. Those big companies and whatsoever, they may be wanting to hire you to start working for them. And some of that's... Before I go finish my homework. Yeah, before you go finish. But how do you call that? All those medium, how do you say, medium to bigger companies, they do an automate. All those smaller companies, they just use a service and whatsoever. And that whole service, you can have also automated by the time. You just go by sector, by sector, by sector, you just automate it. You set up, this is the service. You connect to the web page and that's it. The command analyzer already got abstracted to a service that is... Yeah, the program that you have now is a service that you can run, you can throw in any file or whatsoever, plus configuration maybe or whatever. Yeah, I've used these columns for this information. Sorry, then? These columns mean this information. Yeah, how do you say... And how do you say... The funny thing with that one is, how do you say, you have a lot of different cases and each of those cases have their own speciality. For example, here you're going to get, at some moments, is a service that you... How do you say... At some moments, you're going to get services and you're going to get now an ecosystem where... Instead, how do you say... In the past, everything ran on advertisements. That was the only way. And also, that is what the guy is talking about in the talk that I sent you. Really, watch it. It's micro payments. The funny thing is, that is where Bitcoin is really coming into. And also, where can an agent trade on? Because your service, you can run on Patreon, you can run on a membership or whatever, or you can run on micro payments. So, how do you say... AI pays a very small Bitcoin token or Ethereum or whatsoever, and on that one, you run the service. People will get a budget from AI, $5, to get their information or whatever they want to get it from. And you put your price for your service. Maybe the agent is already implemented, otherwise, hey, make sure that you implement it as soon as that protocol becomes available. Because at that moment, it's like, hey, we implemented this protocol, you know, you're a showcase, blah, blah, blah. It's probably fucking easy to implement it. And of course, it's only payments to you, not payments away. How do you say, oh, you didn't get paid, somebody scared you. Yay, great. But you can have, for example, a limited amount of calls for a song, an abominable amount, payment, and whatsoever. It's a way of monetizing, but it's also a way of advertising. But it's probably worth going to, where you get services where you have like, or a membership or micro payments or whatsoever. It's fucking interesting territory again. Yeah, and at this moment, you know, a space field or whatever, you can define so many ways on how to deal with it. Oh yeah, once you start running a service like that, at that moment, how do you say, at this moment, it will not be, but in the future, you will get those services going to be cut throat. So it is from, hey, which has the best service, how do you make the most gain from your service? So it is from how much do I want to pay for the AI? How can I optimize my service? That is something you get when you get a shit. I say it's something you shouldn't be worrying about anymore because you're making already a shitload of money by the time because whatever. If you start optimizing together, you're making a shitload of money. If you start optimizing to get 10% more, yeah, the moment you start optimizing that one, you're already making a few thousand. Once you start optimizing for that 10%, most of the time, that is more than a thousand when you start doing that one. Because below it, it doesn't make any sense and above it, it does. So I hope you're going to be optimizing that one as soon as possible. The thing is that whole optimization from those processes becomes also again a standard way of doing, a standard rule set that is happening there. For now, one thing that we're trying to do is to keep track of what we use to do each thing. Sorry, yeah? We know that AI works really well with this stuff for making websites or whatever, or for making the service, for making the backend. How do you say? Do some work on that one, but I don't... How do you say? You're misseeing it there. People that do not have a website, never cared about a website, don't want to pay too much for it. How do you say? Yes, you can automatically generate... No, no, I'm giving those as examples because that's what we have. No, no, how do you say? It's something that will bring in money, but it will not... How do you say? The audience that you go... How do you say? I'm just giving you a counter argument. Don't get demotivated and whatsoever. How do you say? Maybe you will have companies that now are, oh, hey, that site is already there, oh, I like it anyway, oh, it's only $10. Now, yeah, okay, okay, let's go for it. I don't know what your price point is and whatsoever. But there's many of them that never... How do you say? It's only when you're really value-added, like for example, hey, you have that site, you're represented, and you have the also integrated online delivery automatically and whatsoever. But then you can talk with the online delivery market parties from, hey, can we through your platform promote this one for companies to start using? There is where you... How do you say? There you create a market, but you actually also improve something. Anyway. Now... And of course, it's also copy-paste, copy-paste. But once you start with N8N, how do you say? A lot of that market is probably here local, by the way, in the websites. You have a world market, the world market is... There are already companies probably doing that one. I'm not sure. Maybe I'm completely wrong. But I have seen already some promotions coming by from sites that looks a little bit like that. It's from, oh, easy website builder and whatsoever. But you're still building the website. It's not from, hey, here... Is this not your... Yeah, definitely. They will get stressed. Yeah, but the thing is, it's now so low effort nowadays. There's also a lot of AI behind that one also. How do you say? I wonder if you can compete there. But maybe yes, maybe not. As I said, I don't know. However, yeah. From that side, definitely. Because not like for a website builder, but like here you have the generic templates for more or less every website you would possibly want. Yeah, yeah. Just add the colors you want. Yeah, yeah. But that's what I'm saying. There are already companies doing those type of things. It's not that it's... And I... Dracifeld is one. I mean, there are... And there are from those websites where you get... How do you say? You get a domain where you also have that already almost included with the domain and everything. So the thing is this. What you have is if you have an auto-generated format already in the format and whatever from a company because, hey, the making and the researching and whatever, it doesn't cost shit anymore. So making those websites doesn't cost anything. You get now somebody that instead of needing to do anything, needs to do nothing and he can already use it. That, how do you say? The rampel is then well, is fucking low. But most of the time a company like that doesn't have yet a website because they don't care about it. I wonder how many companies that don't care about it because you have a lot of people that's mostly online but Paraguay is still a lot old fashioned. So there is a lot of culture, a lot of... The thing is it's now so cheap. It's just another spaghetti on the wall. Maybe it works, maybe it doesn't. Because from that side, my idea would be more on the lines of, okay, at least most people have a Google Maps, if not a website. From there they have the information, contact or anything. No, that's not what I said. It's so, how do you say? You can in principle make a nice website for somebody before it took you a day to make one. So if you didn't have any agreement, why would you make something? Now, who cares? Okay, didn't like it, okay, next. It's a level that is now so low and so easy. That's just the difference. That, how do you say? Thinking from that, it would also be really easy to scrape all of the businesses in Paraguay. Yeah, the thing is it is also, how do you say? But maybe even that whole database from all those businesses is maybe much more interesting itself. Because now you have all the data easily available, indexed and whatsoever. As you're doing that anyway. How do you say? Think further, eh? Yeah, I will offer everything that can get me money. But now what I wanted to say is, once you talk about N8N Automatization, which is also just rinse, repeat, rinse, repeat. I would use N8N to contact the people with the finalized website and be like, do you like it? Do you want it? Yeah, yeah, no, of course you, how do you say? Of course, whatever you're setting up, you're setting your whole automation up. That is the whole idea. So you try things working or just working, how do you say? How do you say? It makes sense to automate it. At the moment it doesn't work, okay, you're not automating it yet. But when you, how do you say? That's why you need to prototype. That's why you need to experiment with all those things. To learn the tooling and to get ideas working. But you should also calculate, okay, how many customers would I need? Blah, blah, blah. How was with it? You should just, you know, calculate the business plan for all of those services that you want to put online. Calculate the business plan. Now, for the, once you go to N8N, you have a more global market on that one. So you're talking already a different market. Second, you talk about completely different prices. How do you say? A thousand dollar for just basic things is nothing. How do you say? You get a few of those clients, you're done. And when you have a few of those clients, they will be happy and then you will have tenfold of those ones before you know it. Then you're really done. And I see, how do you say? I can tell you, in Europe, companies not able to do that by themselves, even with technical capable personnel. It's insane. How do you say? It's what I always say, every problem is a solution. You know, you want to have encountered as many problems as there are because all of them are opportunities. But getting information from other companies in businesses in Europe and in America that are not having a website built in 2000? How do you say? You try out some places. Keep in mind, there are also regulations in unsolicited emailing and whatsoever. Not here, but yes in Europe. So keep those things also. Not also for like companies? Yes, even between companies. Yes, especially between companies. So how do you say? It's like, yeah, how do companies work? It's like the only way is from where you can make commercials and whatsoever and then hope that they contact you. That's more or less how it works or reference from people and whatsoever. That's why, for example, if you have that micro payment, even if the site doesn't do anything, but hey, I accept Bitcoin micro payments and whatsoever according to the protocol, blah, blah, blah. And you're really posting on those sites, you know. Bitcoin and AI is like... And that's why I think also why that guy isn't that one and why they try to promote it. But he's right. It's coming and you see more and more micro payments because all the services on the internet, they are running on ads. That's over. Yeah. So, okay, it's not that we don't want that service. You do want to have Wikipedia still being there. So there is something that, how do you say, that needs to, how do you say, pay for it. And people, it's not that they don't want to pay for it. It's just that, you know, it becomes incongruent if you have always to do all those transactions. You want your AI to be able to do that payment. But that is from, hey, AI, doing payments in your behalf of us, or whatever, or legality, blah, blah, blah. Of course, Bitcoin is good. If I automate from the automatic Bitcoin transaction, it's my choice. There's no ban coming in between. No. But, I mean, there are, how do you say, this moment is practice. Make sure that you have your infrastructure made, that you get familiar with it. How do you say, practice giving a course because you will be doing those things anyway for a moment. For reference from that, that's why you want to first finish the AI And then, hey, give a course to them from, hey, and before you know it, you're teaching their tech, how do you say, their own tech stuff, but also the people that they are sending out. And they are not just, they are not just, yeah, but before you know it, you start giving those talks on different places. And don't undersell. Oh, also thing is, don't give things for free. When you think it's free, it's undervalued. Sometimes it's, yeah, of course you have a free video or whatever. You took that for free. But if you have like, the guy was also saying he had like a conference teaching and he had free ones, the people would sign up and there would be only 10 people would be there from the 300 and what so ever. But once you ask $5 and what so ever, all of them will be there. Because they, oh, yeah, I paid for it, I'm gonna miss that. Just, you know, stupid house, stupid mind work. About the? The one that might, it's not a mind map, it's a certain, about those, how do you call that, design patterns. It's funny, it's funny to watch it. I didn't check the validity of it, of how everything was. And I didn't check also that, because there was like one that I posted also about design patterns in AI. I think they are a little bit overdoing it, and a little bit of blah blah blah, a little bit. But design patterns by itself is a very important aspect. And you start seeing those design patterns now appearing. It's like a monitor agent and a routing agent that are agents with different, how do you say, so if people talk about the routing agent, you understand what that agent is doing. And that is what they call design patterns. It's like, oh, there's an arcway, okay, you know what an arcway is and why it is like that and support blah blah blah. And it's funny that in AI they also start appearing those design patterns. It's just, and that map that you had in the, because they made like a small website, that's like, that's really funny. How do you say? Funny gadget and whatsoever. How do you say, probably also with AI from, hey, add this one, blah blah blah. But it's just, it's so easy to add now something that is eye-catching. What you should watch out for, don't overdo it. Because sometimes people, they start the whole page with one big gadget and yeah, it doesn't work anymore, you know. Gadget functionality. But yeah, learn and work on your visibility. Also on online visibility at some moment. Like right now we haven't focused that much on that because we don't have anything to show. Yeah, exactly. But it's also, you should from, hey, every week you should from, okay, what have we done? What did we reach? And you have like a whole feature list and the reorder where necessary. Or not even on the end of the week, once you feel from, hey, this is underrepresented, you know, push it up. You should use the Reddit system almost. You know, where things that are important are pushed up or whatsoever and then over time they fall down. So you, how do you say, you have a, how do you say, you want to have cycles as fast as possible. So actually you should, if you feel something, if you want something done, do it at that moment. Don't postpone. If you have a rule, hey, this rule needs to be adjusted. Adjust it, take it out, try it out, okay, it's better, commit. It's, how do you say, every time you postpone in the end, you don't do it. That is the, most of the time you should have done it by that time. And later on it's from, oh yeah, what was it again? Again, you can say that always from, hey, don't forget, blah, blah, blah. You have it still at the end of the week if you want. But it's just act and then just. If I'm going to do full AI experience, I guess can be more active and like that we will have also like more frequency meetings. You have as many meetings as you want. Yeah, but from that, like we would also be recording and then from that, one of the first things would be to make the, hey, I'll put an added to the thing, whatever we mentioned. Yeah, how do you say, it's whenever you feel that you need some input or you have something to. One of the reasons why we're not doing it right now is because only we were doing is doing something. Yeah, but I thought you were yourself also busy. Busy and busy. But it's OK like this. But it's whenever you need and whenever you need advice also, it's like how to say, I'm not going to push it from, hey, I'm just what I learn, what I hear and whatsoever. And I will at some moments you will have a lot more things to tell me also because you will be way more experimenting than the things that I'm doing. Maybe not. How you say depends on how things go with Energy 21. Let's see. What the f... Here it's Victor is picking it up, AI is getting more and more into it. We had like in G-RANs the AI after the experience or something. It wasn't working anymore. Now we use it for the building. It's like, OK, I spent already with AI like a day on it and I could finally I got connection again or so, but I didn't get any results back. In the end, Victor could get it working, but also with AI. It's just funny how easy it is to make it. We know that we would have suffered a week to get it running if we would have AI. Yeah. And all that suffering we don't have anymore. That's another reason why I was like, should I take this one from Uruguay? Because that was what I was thinking. Because QA shit is so f... easy and it does it like... And then I will be like, yeah, yeah, we'll be done later. How do you say QA is the first one that should go. The thing is... You will need a guy that sets up the automation for that. For DevOps there's money to be made and all. Yeah, no, definitely. That's why I went for the CIACD from what I'm doing right now. To be able to bullshit that I did more CIACD than I really did. Because I will either way do it fully with AI. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, but... Oh yeah, that's what the guy also was telling. Is... With AI you can learn everything now. There is no learning curve anymore. Yes. Oh, by the way, I put sometimes comments on it. If you're also watching and you see comments from me, just up, up, up. And if I see comments from you, there are never that many comments there. You can really play with that one also. I am not playing yet. But if we want to play, how do you say? I'm all for it as dirty as gloves off. There are no rules. Just for you to know. What are you planning? Maybe making a swarm of bots that make new accounts and then press up? How do you say? Whatever gives you an edge on anything that you want to reach, you're using that. Even if it's like all on the legal side or whatsoever. But hey, there are a thousand bots and whatsoever that you know, that you have a bot farm to your purpose to push here and there, you know. You have odds and you have like... That just reaches something in your favor and whatsoever. Of course you're going to use that one. Okay, so one of them... How do you say, but all on the legal side. A little gush of wind or whatever from God. So, other idea for when we have more money, buy like a shit ton of 500 Guaraniers phones to connect to all of those things and just put like... If you have on telephone accounts, but I would research, hey, what are the botnet accounts or whatever? I mean, why buy that if you can hire them? I mean, but hey, do your research and maybe you can do that without that one with eSims and whatsoever. I don't know. But you know, depending on how you say, you can make now a lot of little tools. You have all the power now. Is it something worth spending all your time on? Something else. But hey, if it's there already, it's a service. If I see you, I'll put your light. Yeah. You know, like five, four, three hundred. No commencing whatsoever under it. But... But... What you must tell you, you cannot learn very fast a lot of different... How do you say? There is no... If you usually just have a hologram in front of you showing you move this thing like this. Oh, yeah. I mean, now when I do an installation, that is what I thought by the way. By the way, hey, you had promised installation. Why don't you have an installation guide? Why do you not have an installation guide, AI telling you everything? You put in the configuration, blah, blah, blah, blah. You put everything in Git. You have your rules on it. Anybody can do the installation and you have the whole installation recorded, everything that was OK, everything that was wrong and whatever. And all those steps are in Git. So it's Git back then whatsoever. So later on you can do any mining on that one. If an employee leaves, all of those things are not a problem anymore. Anyway, and then that release, there are two different things. I just see where you can use AI just immediately already. And... Sorry, I was talking about the being the expert one. That was... I was just saying that I was thinking of going to QA. I was open to the position. Because I found it more fun to be like, hey, job is fun and easy and AI does everything. Rather than being like, Severance, this floor looks so even. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no. But that's just going fully, I wish it was a million times better. Yes. But how do you say now, how do you say, what the guy was saying from... What you're going to get is you're going to get highly specialized people working in specific fields with AI. Because it doesn't make all having one or two whatever. Because you don't want to be like all over the place. Because that doesn't make sense. Yes, if you... Oh, I wanted to learn this one. You scale it up two months later. Two, three months later, you're an expert in that one also. But how do you say, you rather focus really on the field that you're at that moment working in. And that field you should then at some point find. And he was like that. And I'm now studying informatics because he didn't know any informatics when he started at home. All five coding and everything. Yeah, there's five coding and 8N. That's what he was doing, I'm pretty sure. It's all AI agents monitoring and whatever, 8N work flow. This is all automatically generated by agents. So spec, okay, this spec, okay. You have your specialized agents, you have the fine-tuned rules. Because they have been running now because you're using the same rules for everybody. So you can't spend the time to fine-tune it. Now the rules that I'm making at the moment is like, they can be better. So something like services that you can be offering or something. Okay, we know how to fine-tune rules. But that is something that you will, is that worth the money? Or is it better to make your own factories? And teach your own people how to make more factories or whatsoever. Or specialize in making different modules. I don't know what the market is because it's so easy. Hey, this is how you set it up. Okay, someone grows 10 million on it and he makes it also. You know, the same factory to make the factory. How do you say, where is your sweet spot? And a sweet spot can be at some moments from, hey, you're happy working with a whole team of people in AI. You're all working with me together. Oh, you're a team company. You want to buy in us or you want to buy us up, no problem. You got those? No. I am at this moment from the position in five, given 10 years, money doesn't mean shit anymore. But knowing how, the knowledge and knowing how to work with AI, that was going to be the power. Yeah. Like, anybody from any player feels wrong on the end. Hey, you need anything done digitally? No. Hey, let me do it for you. And I already see, what I see is you get the digital, not the digital, no, not the... The normal people now will be the Mormons from the future. The what? The normal people now will be the Mormons from the future. Yeah, yeah. The AI thing. I can do without. Yeah. I think it will just die out. No, no, I don't think so. I do think there's a lot of people that are, how do you say, enabling, or how do you say, with AI. How do you say, there's going to be, how do you call that, a fucking crazy ride. And that ride is going to be a, oh, right. You get at some moment, brain, how do you say, brain transfer, brain implant, and what's... Not now. We give it 100 years. And 100, how do you say, with the advance of health, you easily become 200. And when you become 200, you easily become, easily a thousand. When you become a thousand, you easily become 10,000. It's insane from, it doesn't make sense, but if you just look on how things are progressing, it's not insane. That is, how do you say, it's not sci-fi anymore. It's not there, but they are working on it. They are going to get there. Yeah, that's what it is. You have some black carbon in the movie or not, is this right? Black carbon? Yes. Is it outer carbon? Oh yeah, outer carbon yeah under the obstacles. Maybe not exactly like that but... Yeah, and how do you say... God knows, maybe at some moments you need to go to a conference or what so ever, maybe you're speaking at some moment or... Like yeah, once we have marketing and we have the Snapchat promote, I definitely will be promoting it way more. Yeah, exactly, but it is like a work on the spaghetti to let the paste, you know. But work on, how do you say, fast to market. How do you say, anything what you make, you should have been within a week you should have a prototype. Or at least you're clear what you want to do. And I think in that week when you have the prototype you should be able also to tell already from what you're going to do with it. All, you know, whatever, so you focus your resources at some moments. But what, how do you say, look online on, you know, how... There are probably a lot of business books explaining exactly how to do those things. So it's not something I can explain to you, but hey, research is more for Kirian to go after those things. But it's also on all those parts of the business from hey, things that you need to research. And in the past a lot of those things you couldn't be doing in a small company and what so ever. Now you have an army of agents for you. Hey, hello. Hello. Keep a little bit track of your time. Make sure that you set up, you know, a little bit of administration. Make sure that you start thinking of, okay, hey, how should be the structure of the company. There's all those things you should figure out yourself. I highly can advise you that you make one arbitration agent. That is whenever there's a conflict or whatever, let the AI have the final vote on that one. And if you have, it's like if you have a rule and you agree on those rules, then even if you don't get your, how do you say, your will whatsoever, you can at least live with that one. And it's a neutral arbiter, so... I would like to just be like, yeah, no, we're bosses in the AI. Sorry? I would just be like, okay, you choose everything. Yeah, yeah, but the thing is, there are always conflicts and whatsoever. The students, but they happen. Maybe you should smoke less. It's like only this site has been running for a few days and like what the fuck? I think there's some comical shit going on again. It's a rigorous game, not over. But they will all, you know, a few weeks more or less, hope they work it when the campaign is over. But yeah, I would say also, you know, keep track of time from, okay, how much, you know, how much effort everybody put into it. Yeah, Verrilliun is using it sometimes. I don't think that much. No, but you, how do you say, you should... My time is mostly just whenever we meet up or we have a group call or something, but I don't really count it because it's probably just chipping with TV and I'm not doing anything else. No, yeah, but I mean, once you know, start going after it, but also watching videos and all those things. Or, and for the videos, use, how do you call that? You have video compression, I was trying to do. I was trying to do. If you want to use them to watch them efficiently, there are ways to watch them way faster. Yeah, I think it will be 1.5 if they are... No, no, you use AI to pick the key points out of it and you... From that we already have an AI that gets information from YouTube videos. That is what we're going to use to create the videos. Yeah. But like that you can have all your videos, the good ones or whatever. By watching yourself you cannot say, hey, this one is nothing. But you manage all your videos as a kind of teaching material for yourself or coach to the co-colleagues and whatsoever. And yeah, you filter out the best ones. But normally at some point what you get is just an AI from, hey, do you have a video about this one? You pick the best one that you didn't see yet, because all of that one is closed. Yeah, based on all the information available, make a big video. Yeah, exactly. But how do you say, I have been collecting a lot of movies and series and whatsoever. And one thing that I've heard, because they're always screwed around against those torrents and whatsoever. But I need someone who says, hey, I will make it, I will make a movie for you at that moment. Oh, I want a movie about this and this and this. And in this genre or whatsoever, it's much scarier. But yeah, how you say, writer on story. And a lot of people, of course, they want to watch the actors of the director of the intended, you know, the three hour cut, extended director's cut. Did you saw that too? Did you see that one? Yes, from that one I am kind of interested in, you know, like making a whole book into a video and then in every language. Yeah, in that one, in personal message, in advertisement or in, how do you say, like a personal message from somebody to somebody else. Where, how do you say, you have the whole scene set up, but it's all every time auto generated. From that one, I already thought of like definitely weddings and shit like that, because people spend a lot of money in that garbage. Yeah, a wedding and a burial. Wedding, video invitation, whatever, of the Roman rite, in the beach. But I mean, burial, I mean, he's the guy, whatever, steps up on horse and rides into the sunset. I mean, you, how do you say, you can make that, you can make that now. It's so easy. And people will pay shit ton of money for that one. You recorded it or not? Yeah, it is recorded. It is, but look up for what, I mean, proposal to girlfriend or whatsoever, you know. And the thing is, it's a memory that will stay there forever because the recording stays there. From that side also, we started to make ads for what's never easier. Yeah, yeah, yeah. For the comments, because I have a friend that is working for Nestle. Yeah, yeah, but I mean, show them, you know, shoot, shoot, those are the things, because then they show from, hey, who did that one? Yeah, me and my friends here. Even though it's just, you know, someone set up just a group of friends, okay, you learn them how to use the eyes, spin off, let them do whatever they need to do. You get whatever you get from that one. Because you cannot focus on all of them. It's just, you know, you say you should start thinking different on those things. Maybe I'm overthinking it, but that's not a crazy scenario. You know, you get one started, that friend at some moment, he works by himself with some friends and you have, you support them with the eyes, start them with the eyes. And then you get the expertise and then you have a market. I can't think of friends that would be more into making the websites for the Roundup business in Paraguay. Because I don't, like, I see it as an easy thing for a friend to do, because he needs money. But the thing is, you make that, then you show that one, there's where you get the expertise and then you have a market. You don't need to have the whole market by yourself and whatsoever. Get whatever you can get at this moment from it. All those things, they are like moments, meal kits. For showing how to do that for any random basic website, for any big company that has lots of website updates and all of those banks, shits, whatever. I think they will also be like, what, you did this in one second, one and fifty minutes? Yeah, but you show them how it is done. And you can even record that whole session, how you're doing this one. And how you say, you know, show them. I mean, there's one friend from Cavallo that is in advertising. And they are, well the thing is, what do you do? Are you the one that is from being against it and you're being outdated in two years? Or you're the one that takes the lead and hey, these guys know it and help you to be the top of the line? Which one do you want to be? And we can also automate everything and then you will be in the middle, but that one at the top of the line that we're going to be teaching it all, so he will be outpacing you. So hey, you want to be on the top? Yeah, it's this marketing. Yeah, exactly. We can make an AI video about it and show it to the guy. But yeah, how do you say, it's for all those ideas. And how do you say, get them all good enough so you can show them. So you can show and figure out if there's an interest. If there's an interest, if the interest is there, then you can, okay, then we'll continue on this one, blah blah blah blah. And we will show you this one, we will get your product and this will cost you this amount. And if you don't like it, it doesn't cost you shit maybe, whatever. But it's only if you want, this is what we can do, this one can be delivered. But then you're talking like one product development. How do you say, you want to get a lot of sales. From that one I would prefer to be more like, I know somebody that will do it that is working on the apps. And not really the ones that are more into the AI shit to be doing it. I think you will set up a lot of small companies doing different things and you're the AI brain behind it. It's much easier, less headaches, that's what we're kind of doing now, we're just telling them what to do. Yeah, yeah. What was it? How do you say, you need to take a look of where are all those opportunities? It's just by brainstorming. Oh yeah, that's what I was saying, what you want if you, how do you say, but those things are one by one sales more or less. Because hey, somebody comes to you and you work out an idea, a concept and whatsoever. It's now very easy to make a product. And really you don't care if they like it or not because they're going to like it. We don't like it because it's industry standard blah blah blah. Package for Saskia, make sure she receives it. What's the catch for? Saskia. Package, boyfriend's clothes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What do you say in the, is he here or not? No, he's still here by the boat. Ah, Rapalza? Yeah, she wants the stinky boyfriend clothes because she likes the way he smells. How do you say, how do you say, some things are like one time sales and sometimes they're repeat sales. Sometimes it's like, especially like the maintenance or the service behind it. For example, the idea of targeting many small businesses with websites that they will not ever be able to pay a big price. So I would just give it like a 10,000, 10,000 won subscription and for a long time for many websites. Yeah, but how do you say, don't be too cheap. More like a hundred on ten. It's disposable with the people because most of them are really poor. But the thing is, the value you have is at some moments you have a platform and that platform gives you a lot more power. So you can empower people like that one. So how do you say, sometimes you have different pieces of puzzles where if you put them nice together you have an even higher value. Or one makes you, how do you say, because you have now examples so you can advertise to other companies because you can show what you can do. That's the reason why we were thinking of doing those PC ones for other random small ones. Yeah, and how do you say, at this moment you want to have very short projects because you want to learn fast. You don't want to have a too long compromise. I think three months should be max on anything that you're doing. Because normally you should be able to get something done already in a week. How I'm now doing my things, within a day I have already really presentable things and in a week it's like perfect. The personal one just took a lot because we were first in it and streamed it. Yeah, of course. But that is really... And the other ones are in the week done. Like the ones for the website for you also are never in the week done. Yeah, but the thing is you're learning still. What you should think is, hey, if I would have known all these things how much time would it have taken me? You should subtract all time, because that is your pain next time I would be taking this amount. And it's still not that maximum, that minimum amount, it will take you like two or three times. But at some moment you're getting there. The more you automate your whole environment and whatsoever, all your costs go down, all your time that you spend on those things go down. So, I say don't worry. But the moment that you have your agents and everything set up, do all the work. The moment that you have your agents and everything set up, do all your automatic work flow, whatever. So the only thing is at night you're doing from hey I want to have this, this, this and this. It creates already, you wake up in the morning and you take a look at your vibe code, a little bit of the details in it. You do some tests on it to get the right results. Because in a day you have already something completely done. Yes. Also, I work with cloud and I work with multiple tabs at the same time doing different things. First tab is for my previous example, there is the HTML, the second one is the CSS and the other one is what the fuck, documentation and making sure to... Yeah, but what you want to have is for example your documentation that would be in any template that is just circling over your code. Just because right now we don't have it. Yeah, yeah, no, I would say you will have like one or two agents that you're actively working with. And I would always say is don't do that one. Don't multitask, all the multitask that should be automatic tasks and flow things that are triggered or whatsoever. But don't ask any attention from you. And then one task is where you're focused on, where you're working through. And then when you have a stop moment, you know you take a look at not one of your agents is burning to ashes or whatsoever. You know, you take a look if you need to do something or whatever, which is probably not. You continue with the main tasks that you're working on. Which can be figuring out something, researching something, watching YouTube videos or whatsoever. That is how in my point of view you should structure yourself. The multitasking I've been trying doesn't work. You lose focus. For serious things? Yeah, no. But for websites it's like... Yeah, yeah, but then it should have been an automated task already. So anything that you don't need to do anything for, that is an automated task. And it's an automated task. Not the first few times, because you need to figure out what is the taste. Taste is the one that is the value, what they're saying. It's from the person that knows the right way to design things, the right way to specify things. Having the feeling with the customer, you know, that he knows what the customer likes. That is the value of the designer. The designer. Know all the other things. Ultimate, ultimate, ultimate. Don't think about them. Yeah, and all priorities you need to define. Just to clarify, you are into investing? Yeah, how do you say? The thing is you define what you guys need to be paid. Once everything is in your... you can define your own salary. You know, everything within reason. So, how do you say? Say from, hey, what you have in your head now, use that one. I don't know what you're asking. I don't care one side too much about it. The thing is you shouldn't over-ask and you should be starting to get as soon as possible positive. Because then you decide whatever you want to pay. There is no discussion on that anymore. That is like, what's the problem? And I think that is within three months. How do you say? I think a year long, if you take a year long to do positive, then you do something wrong. If you don't reach your money positive, you're missing the boat already. Because things are going so fast and somehow you're not on the boat. In six months, how do you say? There's a lot of things changing. It's a reasonable amount of time to take to run positive. And in three months, it's an optimistic scenario. But I think you're even faster than that. That is just how I... You know you're always underestimating how fast things are going. Death for the person, not one. I'm not sure for the price to set for that. It's very high to talk to. What is more with that one? Yeah, yeah. Those things you should talk and arrange with each other. You should get an arrangement. I say specifically you and Kirjo. Is also, is it some moment is from, hey, trust the other one what they're doing. Or ask, hey, I'm... For payment, I would like Kirjo is earning four now. Verdu is earning three. Just arrange with mom what that should be. You don't need to... How do you say? Chill. You can write down this is the number. If you feel that it's a fair amount, then it's a fair amount. I mean, what am I to discuss that one? And how do you say? Write down to each other because in principle, you know, it's like... Yeah, you need to figure out in principle all those things together. Death. Yeah, and with Kirjo is also, you know, push Kirjo to do the things, have tasks, have each other's tasks assigned and everything. You know, mostly during the day, like the past weeks, I was like, good luck with the... Are you doing something? Perfect. And just always doing something random. Like recently she was random useful a bit, but also not like in the things that we are directionally, but also good for like learning and trying out. Exactly. But the thing is that someone was, okay, now let's learn in a useful direction. And what I always try to do is whatever I'm doing is I try to do with the same thing, two things at a time. Do something, learn while doing it. You know, there are many multipurpose things to do, so you're even more efficient like that. What if we are both working on the Yacht Whisper stuff? I'm going to be like, how is this thing that we are working because then I have more context on what everybody is doing. Because now I don't really, like it's mostly Kiana Mardun and me. Do you need help with anything? Yeah, but you should know if you do this right, if in the first time you're just cracking out things. And how do you say? I think before you know it, you need like more than one. You will run positive and then you decide where you've been and how you scale up. If, whatever. That's all. Because now is the time to scale up at some moment. Or to spin off, I mean, spin off so many options. I hope that you have a lot of time to do this. If I'm just doing this, totally. If I'm just doing this, totally. Right now I'm just playing Severance. Yeah. But that is, how do you say, I thought you were more busy with AI itself in between also. Like I do follow it on YouTube and watch the... Yeah, but you're not active practicing. Just the random shit I can try to do on Databricks but it's horrible again because, oh no production on this. By the way, security, mind, some of you need to also be this moment though. Security, mind, everything, secure setup and whatever. It's easy now to do it with AI but many people don't know what they're doing. They don't give it attention and then you hope that everything goes okay. Yeah, I would say talk also with your sister or something. Yeah, I would say that too. As I was saying, just let them know what it is, the amount and whatever. And chill. But then we'll start, finish the website, go a bit more into NNM, take a look on the video one. Up with the video for a few examples and then I'm going to be like, hey, Ljubljana, this is supposed to be your thing. When I get paid for doing something more fundamental. Yeah, I was with Ljubljana, I was talking to you. I don't know what she is doing. Let her do her own things, don't push too much. If they want, they want, if not. Yeah, that was more for the side of hey, what I play with AI, I get paid. Yeah, but how do you say, show that later on, it will come. I will make some other videos of herself doing AI videos. But if you push too hard, the more you push, the harder they don't do it. Advice. Yeah, let's see, keep us posted. Then we have to go with the approach of hey, look how much I did with my visual arts video. Yeah? I'm totally a graduate now. How do you say, everybody chooses what they want to do? He also says like, hmm. By the way, if you need somehow, maybe also for some things. How do you say, no one. If for things or somehow you need me, I don't know, but you can always, how do you say, you can always ask, maybe I have time or whatever. Or possibility or whatever, I don't know. Then we will appear randomly with Jonathan and Kirjan for. Yeah, exactly, you know, the test. Yeah, also. But yeah, how do you say, we record, make that board, overboard that board from your priorities. It's a certain technique that you use. They have priorities and they have a certain time of them and a certain time frame of them. Like short term, mid term, long term. Long term, everything is long term, don't do it, because long term doesn't exist anymore. By that time, everything is different. How do you say, it's good to know what your direction is that you want to go to it. You will get there, but not in the way that you're expecting to get. Did I tell you, there was a... So my first task is to do all of the priorities, planning, business, document stuff. Yeah, at least get your priorities, think about your priorities. What those goals are from those priorities, what you try to reach with them. If you have like projects from there, this is a test project to learn something about this and this. If now with AI you can make something, let's write a PSP, let's say in .NET, let's make it in this language, so you can see all of them against each other. What is the best tech to use for blah, blah, blah. You can just, okay, now do it again. Now do it again. I mean, you can... In the past, we needed really to make the right decision from the start, because there was no do it again, because there would be way too much time to reinvest. Yeah. Things are completely different now. But yeah, I got those, all those things are gonna work and... But it's gonna be fun. Yeah. Yeah. I think we're gonna have to do a lot of work. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna be really funny, because tomorrow we have a meeting with the boss. Yeah, keep those doors open even. Yeah, I want to keep them open, but I would have to prioritize this. I would just dream it like, I would be able to work with my family, I'd definitely love working with you, amazing people. What do you say from, how do you say, I'm just gonna start my own company? No, no, that's what I'm doing, I'm doing my own startup, fully open RIT. It does not really work for Databricks, but definitely it works for websites, here are two examples. I think it will work for Databricks also. It will work at some moment, but it's... But it's not your priority. It's not my priority, and the problem is not Databricks. It's the context that we fucking get in the general, because I'm like, what the fuck are we doing most of the time? And also their comments are wrong, and their queries are wrong also, like they're using the wrong column name. Yeah, users are idiots. These are not even users. These are not even users. But the thing is, I think a lot of, if they're very common and stupid errors, they are very repetitive errors. That is very easy to create an AI on. What you want to get with ticket submission, you want the moment that the ticket is submitted, that it already tells you from, hey, I'm getting this data, please keep you also in. Send it, or from, hey, yes, this ticket, we are aware of this one, this is a duplicate, it says we fixed a dis-dispersion or whatever. Or you just log it, and if possible, it automatically fixes it. If it's a basic error, the basic errors will be coming as a mess. Yeah. Now, one of those things for the AI, the AI is really at this moment on the level from a good start, how do you say, junior. It's not an expert, it's junior. It's good in coding some classes and what-so-ever, but the whole structure from a program, it lacks that. It was coming, but it lacks that still. So you have like a junior developer. So, okay, add me unit test from this and this, add me the unit test. Unit test, yeah, all of them, there are three other errors, but they're not from me. Yeah, we started from zero and now I have three errors, so I'm pretty sure you're the only one that actually made this whole code, so definitely it's you, you fixed that. Okay, I fixed them already too. Yeah, fixed all of them. All of them. But it's like, how do you say, normal they are with ADD, but the AI is with ADDDDD. Then I was telling with AI, it was also with, because I made like the features from, okay, what it is, this, this, this, so it makes the planning or whatever, because the planning, yeah, two days for this one, three days for this one, two days for this one, and I say to the AI, hey, you're still forecasting in pre-AI time, because two days, my ass, not gonna happen. And so later on he was making, yeah, one hour for this one, two hours for that one, yeah, I did five of those in one hour. And there is a theorem, I'm not sure what the theorem is, for estimating a project, they always underestimate the amount of time it takes, even knowing this rule, so it's a recursive rule. That they always underestimate the time. What most of the time happens, oh, we have time left over, so we spend time on what it's forever, and then in the end they spend all the time, and then something, on time that they shouldn't have been spending, and then something happens, and then all the time was already gone and takes already more time than what was intended. The AI is actually recursive in the other way, it still overestimates the time, even though it's already proven that it should be faster. But yeah, I have to do that, so I should be able to sleep. Yeah, yeah, do so, we'll be prepared for tomorrow. But yeah, I'll see you to leave Stoke Finch in good terms, I'll see to leave Stoke Finch in good terms, and do fully, actually, yeah, I can't. I'm sorry, they're full. Stoke Finch is the current company, I'm not. I'll see to leave the Canadian company in good terms. Yeah, yeah, exactly, once I take your time, it starts to fully focus on your AI future, put your priorities straight, but also as you know, you start having more time on that one, so start thinking on those things. Then you say, I feel like, you know, I have like... I would be so much faster, the cycle times with Databricks is like 10 minutes for it to run one time, because it turns on the cluster. Yeah. And if you just look on everything... Yeah, no, you have your setup, you have your environments, you know, whatever you need. Set it up. Configure... yeah, how do you say? I think myself, you probably, you should use services, you shouldn't use local things. Yeah, no, definitely services, but like what I'm mentioning is like, you can have a service that you can use fast. But you should figure out yourself what works. Maybe somehow local hardware is the way to go, and you want to have a local docker server much better. If that's what you need at some moment, that is all part of the business plan. Mm-hmm. No, no, for me the idea is maybe you get the money for salaries from you now, and then get the money for random shit from when we have clients. Yeah, yeah, but I mean, even if now if you have some things that you need to run or whatever... Well, from that side we're chill, but Ale has a gaming PC that he doesn't use. There are plenty of other PCs here, and most things should be running in the cloud. Exactly, but I think the best is to work from cloud and what service only you should have set up all correctly there, instead of having it local. That is just, we have everything local here, that is not how the standard is. There will be people running local home assistant type things, setups. The businesses, they are now here moving to the cloud, and then that is where it will go. Okay. Yeah, quite nice. Yeah, next salary negotiation with everything to do with your own board. Yeah, yeah. You have to give it to everyone else, not to be fooled. Not that we are fooled, but I mean, the will becomes your own responsibility. If it starts making lots of money, I will need all of it. I think both me and Jonathan would be like, they are just throwing it in the stocks or whatever. I would invest it in yourself. Yeah, if you have so much extra time. Yeah, at some moment that you don't know where to ship it anymore, the things are wounded even. Because you didn't listen when I was telling you it would be worthless. Yes. So make it to good use at this moment. Yeah, perfect. It doesn't mean that you need to blow everything. You need to make it to good things that will keep value at some moment, or that will increase value still. A trip to LatinoWare, and while we are in Brazil, some nice beaches. LatinoWare is like one of the conferences from South America. Yeah. And they also have data which they are comparing those with. Yeah, but when you have AI, I mean, again, you are frustrated with data bricks. How, whatever can you do to do data bricks the right way with AI? How do you have context of what the client wants? Yeah, yeah, no, but the thing is this. Every problem is a solution. Yeah, so follow it. Because sometimes the time and the frustration you have is a good motivator to get it right. Because what they're doing with data bricks is something that has its value. It has its value and it's almost past its value. Because what they're doing is they're creating training data for AI. Which is then trained on the business data. The thing is nowadays a lot of the data is synthetically generated. And the synthetic generated data is actually better than the actual data. So it loses all its value. What did you... The reason that is... They are more on the side of making your queries efficient with huge clusters. To save you from being like two hours running a query in like one second. Yeah, but that is not the case. What they do is they... Storage is cheap. It's funny because a little bit of what data bricks does is what we have actually coded in Energy 21. Which I have actually... this is a data feed logic. Where you loan first your data feed. And then you have recipes that pulls out different columns, different subsections. Whatever combinations that you can combine on. But because the data feed is non-optimized written. It's much faster to query. But it's fucking inefficiently stored. But who cares? Because... how do you say? You don't care because storage is cheap. In the past was the other way around. You want to have your storage as efficient as possible. Because storage was fucking expensive. That's why you have paradigm shifts. It's the same like when you have next week, Monday or so the stars are going to fly again. This is when... Once your rockets are so big it's like, yeah, why are we miniaturizing this? Spending a lot of effort to put as small satellite as possible. And as light as possible that doesn't fucking care anymore. So you spend ten times more to save a kilogram here or a gram here. Fuck it. And that's the same with storage and internet speed and all those things. And now with AI because AI can simulate a lot of that data. Much better than the actual data. As a result it becomes much more faster, much more predictable. What I see then is that they are using the data really for training of data for specific fields of knowledge. But... I wonder how much value that has above the... The added value that one gives above the other ways how they can do it. I don't think that is going to pan out. But let's see. That's what they're doing. I'll see what we can do with Kiran and Venatalo. I think you're informed or whatever. Yeah. And be as active as possible. That's the only thing I'm doing. I will be workaholing for a while. Yeah, but workaholing for somebody else doesn't make sense. Yes. I'm really holding myself also with a lot of the things that I'm doing. Otherwise I'm way too much with AI busy. I still should be doing more, way more. Maybe I'll just follow the end of the question. This will be like our second focus after the website. Yeah, yeah, I know. But they are specific for the things that I am doing. But yeah, we've got to better have those. Yeah, yeah, exactly. I will be... Something to process.