 Yeah, it's for people that don't... May I interrupt you a bit more? Do you like a specific kind of beer? Because I'm about to bring... Bring just Corona for me. Okay. In principle for losers, yeah? Yes. And one thing that's true and that's not true. Boeing. Boeing used to be a company run by engineers. Done by engineers. By really technical administration. Engineers are autistic. You need a babysitter for them. Yes, exactly. You need... The thing is, afterwards Boeing was taken over by... No, Boeing took over McDonald's. And McDonald's was run by business people and that's why McDonald's was falling apart. After the second world war, a lot of those companies, they were merged together and were also forced by the government. So only the strongest one would be there. Because there were not enough jobs for them. Yeah? Now, Boeing, how do you say, they had always technical administration. Administration by engineers. They would always run from, how do you say, from the leader outs that came out, bubbled up, running to management. At that moment the management was changed by McDonald's Douglas. So actually McDonald's Douglas took over Boeing. Because the management went actually to McDonald's. There is where you got a really business administration, how do you say, but business administration is not technical. Boeing is bankrupt. And that's all due to that one. That's why it's very important that you have technical administration. But people that are technically aware. Now, when I was talking to Kirjan on that one, also is, hey, you're now going to throw spaghetti against the wall or whatever. How do you say, you're learning how to use AI and you're going to do technical administration. But you're going to use the technical administration using AI. You know that they'll become second nature. And actually, by the time that you're actually starting with that study, by the time you're already so, how do you say, far ahead, that is from, yeah, okay, let's do that one also next to it. Because it's no work for you anymore. Because everything is so easy. Because you have a whole army of agents behind you. But that's reality now.